69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because you’re causing a political uprising in my pants
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Are you the SAT? Cause I’d do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes, with a ten minute break in the middle for snacks.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Before I hit on you, do you have a problem with large genitalia?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you know you're the hottest (insert generic name here- Jessica, Stacy, Mike, etc) on Tinder?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
Do you ever just lie down at night, look up at the stars and think about all the messed up things in the world? Like why is there a 'D' in 'fridge' but no 'D' in 'refrigerator'?
Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.
Do you have a personality as attractive as your eyes?
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Do you work at build-a-bear? Because I’d stuff you.
Does this mean I won't be a virgin by the end of the week?
Going to Whole Foods, want me to pick you up anything?
Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?
Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.
How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?
I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you’re a slut instead.
I hope you know that I am 100% committed to this tinder relationship
I never saw you coming and I'll never be the same.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I usually go for 8's but I guess I'll settle for a 10.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If I were a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
Is your name Daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Is your personality as angelic as your hair?
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
Maybe you can help me. I forgot the password to my account, and when I hit 'password hint,' it keeps telling me 'Jessica’s phone number.'
My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder, So I think we should screw.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart.
Sorry, the position for Spanish teacher has been filled. What I'm looking for at the moment is a bedroom acrobatic teacher.
That’s a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
They say Tinder is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Want to come over to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?
What are the chances I see you naked tonight?
What’s a smart, attractive, young man like myself doing without your number?
You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.
You want to know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
YOU. NUMBER. NOW.
You're so gorgeous that you made me forget my good pickup line.
You've got the best smile on tinder. I bet you use Crest.
You’re coming over tonight to watch Game of Thrones and make out.
You’re not a vegan, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re the type of girl I’d let sit on my face for a long period of time.
(As she is leaving) Hey aren’t you forgettinggg something? (What?) Me!
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
(Excuse me?) It’s dangerous for someone like you to be out in public with all of these horny people around. Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
(Leaning over to whisper) I think about you when I masturbate.
(Look down at the crotch) It’s not just going to suck itself.
(Put your fingers on the other’s nipples) Hey, here’s (name), comin’ at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
(She asks you the time) Its two flirty and the date’s with you and me.
(Stare at her until she says What!?!) It isn’t just gonna suck itself.
(steps on some ice) Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
(Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] Yes, do you have the energy?
[Give the person a bottle of wine or tequila] Drink this, and then call me when you’re ready.
[Grab his/her tush.] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, What are you doing? You respond: Yep! Made in heaven!
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn’t hear me…. I said u look really fat in those pants!
[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] Now that I’ve broken the ice, will you sleep with me?
[Walk into her chest] If they weren’t sooo large, it wouldn’t have happened!
[What are you doing?] I’m taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and i end up with you.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Although you seem content, you also seem quite alone over here. Can I interrupt your reverie?
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are my undies showing? [No.] Would you like them to?
Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Are those fuck me eyes, or fuck you eyes?
Are those Guess jeans? ‘Cause guess who wants to get into ’em.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
Are those pants on sale? Cause they’re 100% off at my place!
Are those space pants? Because your ass is out of this world!
are those space pants? because your ass is outta control.
Are we related? Do you want to be?
Are you a 90 degree angle ? Cause you are looking right!
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!
Are you a farmer? No, ‘because you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a horse? (No) Can I ride you anyway?
Are you a Hurricane [name]? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you turn me on!
Are you a lumberjack? Because you just gave me wood!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there’s a political uprising in my pants
Are you a nobody? Because nobody’s prefect.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Are you a Pokemon?? because i’d sure like to pikachu!!
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Are you a Snitch? Because you're the finest catch here.
Are you a tamale? ‘Cause you’re hot.
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
You’d be so much more cute if you had my money. [whatever she replies] Sorry I don’t date gold diggers!
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!I just want to tell you that you’re really beautiful [pause] but I’m gay.You dropped something! What? (Point at the ground) Your standards.There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy UranusCan you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.You look like my mom!I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what’s up?You want to know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!I just want to let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Are you a virgin? (No.) Prove it!
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you an orphanage? Cause I want to give you kids.
Are you anorexic? Oh, OK, then I’ll understand if you spit.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you busy tonight at 3:00 A.M.?
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Are you cold? (Yes) You want a jacket? (Sure) Well, not here, you can jack it when you get back to my room.
Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I’ll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate… Well, here I am!
Are you cold? You should be; you’ve been naked in my mind all night.
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
Are you form Tennessee? Cause you’re the only ten I see!
Are you free tonight or am I gonna have to pay?
Are you from Iraq? ‘Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you from Ireland? ‘because my dick’s-a-Dublin!
Are you from Japan? Cause I’m tryna get in Japanties.
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re russian my heart rate!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
Are you gay? (No.) Wow, me neither, let’s have sex.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you going to the party tonight (what party?) The one in your mouth, everybody’s cumming.
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i’ll drop a kid inside of you!
Are you in to Casual Sex or should I dress up?
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Are you menstruating? If so, I know how to insert tampons.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you’re sexy!
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are you sure you’re not an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart!
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I’m picturing you holding up my balls.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Are you vaporizing from a solid state? Because you are sublime.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'because you look sweet and delicious.
Are your knees dirty? I don’t want to get my floor dirty.
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Are your parents retarded,  you sure are special.
Aren’t you the girl/guy who is having sex with that really good looking guy/girl? (No.) Want to be?
As long as i have a face, you will always have a place to sit.
As she’s leaving….Hey aren’t you forgettinggg something? She: What? Me!
As you walk by, turn around and say: Excuse me, did you just touch my ass? No. Damn!
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
At the dinner table, (if you eat together) pick up the bread and say, want to roll?
At the office copy machine Reproducing eh? Can I help?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Baby you’re a sex crime waiting to happen.
Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, I’m an American Express lover…you shouldn’t go home without me.
Baby, I’m like a firefighter, I find ’em hot and leave ’em wet!
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, Ive got and eight inch tounge and i can breathe through my ears.
Baby, you are everything I never knew I always wanted.
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Baby, you’re like a championship bass. I don’t know whether to mount you or eat you!
Baby, you’re so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.
Baby… want to come for a ride?
Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Believe it or not, gettingg’ laid is still hard when you’re this good-looking.
Bible-Gateway happens to be my homepage.
Bond
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
Can I borrow 70 cents? (No) Then how about 69. I’m sure you can offer 69.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
Can I impregnate you with my Demon spawn?
Can I please be your slave tonight?
Can I see your tan lines?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Can I stir your drink? Mind if I use my dick?
Can I take you to the Bone-yard?
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Can you believe it? It’s been more than fifteen minutes since I’ve had sex.
Can you believe that just a few hours ago we’d never even been to bed together?
Can you give me a tour of your body?
Can you help me find my puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Can you keep a secret? I’m trying to organize a prison break. I’m looking for, like, an accomplice. We have to first get out of this bar, then the hotel, then the city, and then the country. Are you in or you out?
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Charzards are red Squitals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Clothes look heavy on ya, want me to relieve some?
Come back to my place so I can give you a lovely parting gift.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Congratulations! You’ve been voted Most Beautiful Girl In This Room and the grand prize is a night with me!
Could I touch your belly button…from the inside?
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that…your numbers not in it.
Damn girl I’d love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Damn girl, your legs go all the way up and make and ass of themselves!
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
Damn, I thought Very-Fine only came in a bottle!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
dance? Well…Let me read you the story tonight when I tuck us into bed!
Darn girl you even look good with the lights on!
Did god take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause obviously you landed on your face
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Did you just sit in a water puddle, or are you just happy to see me?
Did you know that I saved a girl’s life last night? (No.) I pulled a 6 inch piece of meat out of her mouth to save her life. Can I save your life?
Did you know that the word ‘motel’ spelled backwards means ‘letom’?
Did you make me your horcrux? Because my heart stopped when I met you.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Did your father have sex with a carrot? Cause you’ve got nice eyes.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn’t anyone tell you that you wanted to sleep with me?!?! I thought you knew…
Didn’t I do your sister?
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn’t You Wear That Yesterday?
Dinner first? No? Hey, if we’re gonna have sex I gotta eat!
Do I know you? (No.) That’s a shame, I’d sure like to.
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let’s go prove it.
Do you come here often?
Do you have a band-aid? (No,why) Because I just scraped my knee falling for you!
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a beard on your pussy/asshole? (No.) Want one?
Do you have a can opener? My dick is about to pop.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Do you have a map? Because I just keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a map? Because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Do you have a map? I'm gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a shovel? Cause I’m diggin’ that ass!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can’t get you out of my mind.
Do you have any Irish in you? (if no.) Would you like some? (if yes.) Want some more?
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have any raisins? Well, then how about a date?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Do you have any tacos on you? (No.) In that case, will you make out with me?
Do you have rubbers at your house or should I pull out?
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie-pop?
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kicking.
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken leg? No? Well, let’s go on a picnic and find out!
Do you know the essential difference between sex and conversation? (No.) Do you want to go upstairs and talk?
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you know what part of the tongue registers the salty taste? Why don’t you blow me and find out?
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I want to give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, because I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
Do you like cheesy lines or do you just want to do it?
Do you like cherries? [No.] Ok, can I have yours?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven’t got any, how about a cock?
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
Do you like jewels? (Yes.) Suck my dick, it’s a gem.
Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let’s go to my room and put our pieces together.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
do you like pancakes? well how about IHOP on that ass.
Do you like raisins? How about a date?
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I’ve got all weekend.
Do you like soda? Because I’d mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Do you like to dance? Well then, could you go dance so I can talk to your friend?
Do you like whales? Well I have a hump-back at my place.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Do you mind if I hang out here until it’s safe back where I farted?
Do you need prayer? because I am certainly willing to lay hands on you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you think a relationship between you and I would be all sex, or do you think that there would be some depth to it
Do you want to come dance with the big bad wolf? [ No! ] Its okay, the other two pigs said no too!
Do you want to come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Do you want to do something that rhymes with ‘Truck’?
Do you want to lick my tongue?
Do you want to see why my nickname is ‘tri-pod’?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Does your ass
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Don’t say you love me if you don’t mean it. Because I might do something stupid like believe it.
Don’t sweat the petty things… pet the sweaty things!
Don’t worry, I don’t get emotionally involved. It’s just physical.
Don’t you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Dose it matter where here is if I’m there?
Erections like these don’t grow on trees you know.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Ever slept in a $5000 bed? Want to?
Ever tried those weird prickly condoms? (sure to get responses)
Every minute I spend with you is like being in heaven and looking in an angel’s eyes.
Every time you speak to me, you take my breath away; every time you touch me, my body tingles. I want to get to know you and cherish the chemistry we have forever.
Excuse me M’am, you dropped a piece of ass, let me get that for you. (then grab her ass)
Excuse me,
Excuse me, are you ready to go home yet?
Excuse me, but do you give head to strangers? [No] Well then, allow me to introduce myself.
Excuse me, but does my tongue taste funny to you?
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, but I have the mother load and was wondering if you had a place
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. My jaw!
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, but I’m new in town; can I have directions to your place?
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, do I need to buy a ticket for your fantastic voyage?
Excuse me, do you believe in one night stands?
Excuse me, have I fucked you yet?
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I don’t want you to think I’m ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, I’d like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, I’m a little short on cash, would you mind if we shared a cab home together?
Excuse me, I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
Excuse me, I’ve seem to have lost my virginity, can I have yours?
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Excuse me, is it true that you’re a sexual tyrannosaurus?
Excuse me, is that semen in your hair?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Excuse me. Do you have chicken in your fridge? (yes) How big are your breasts?
Excuse me. I seem to have misplaced my willy-warmer. Do you mind if I try you on for size?
Excuse me. I’m from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I’m going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Excuse me… You have something on your ass. My eyes. ;-)
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
Fancy a fuck?
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Fascinating. I’ve been looking at your eyes all night long, because I’ve never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
Find a girl at the bar, walk over to her, and say you put the ‘hot ass’ in my shot glass.
First I played hard to get, now he is playing hard to forget.
First, I’d like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I’ll move up to your belly button.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
For you I would slay two Goliaths.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let’s play gynecologist.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Free mammograms, get your free mammograms here, get ’em while they’re hot!
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don’t you?
Fuck me if i’m wrong but isn’t your name Gretchen?.
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but don’t you want to kiss me?
Fuck me, I’m beautiful enough to be with you all night.
Gee, that’s a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
Gimme some sugar, baby.
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I’m digging that ass!
Girl you so fine I wish I could plant you and grow a whole feild of y’all!
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.
Girl you’re like a car accident, cause I just can’t look away.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
Girl, are you a cop? [No] Cause you’re America’s Finest
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Girl, if I were a fly, I’d be all over you, because you’re the shit!
Girl, if you were a porch I’d take out all the nails and screw ya.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Girls are sexy, guys are fine I’ll be your six if you’ll be my nine!
Give me elbow. (after they give you elbow, leave your hand up) Give me shoulder. (after they give you shoulder, leave your hand up) Give me nose. (after they give you nose, leave your hand up) Give me head.
Go up to a someone at a bar or a dance and ask her: do you want a fuck…
God has made you beautiful, smart, and understanding, all I can hope for is that you understand how much I adore you and want to share my life experiences with you.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
Got a soggy bun for a lonely weenie?
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Guy pulls out a quarterif i flip this coin what are the chances of me gettinggg head?
Guy: I bet you’re a C-cup. Girl: How’d you know that? Guy: My testicles are the same size.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Happy hour’s over but it’s still going strong at my place.
Harry Potter may be the Boy Who Lived, but you're my Chosen One.
Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Have you ever heard of the naked pretzel? Ok, sit on my magical lap and we’ll see what rises.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever played Spank the brunette? Want to try?
Have you ever played leap frog naked??
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
Have you seen my enormous jar of Penis Reducing Cream?
He: Hi, what’s the color of your hair? She: (tells him) He: And the hair on your head?
He: Well then, would you sleep with me for 20 cents? She: No, what kind of woman do you think I am? He: We’ve established what kind of woman that you are, we’re just haggling over the price.
He: Would you sleep with me for 20 million dollars? She (sheepishly): Yes. He: Well then, would you sleep with me for 20 cents? She: No, what kind of woman do you think I am? He: We’ve established what kind of woman that you are, we’re just haggling over the price.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say happily.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn’t hear you say happily.
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn’t ask you how you looked!
Hello, can I offer you eight inches of strength and sensitivity?
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
Hello, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?’, ‘What’s your sign?’, or ‘Hello, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.’?
Hello, love, do you spit or swallow?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
Here's my number... Call me if you need prayer.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Here’s $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
HERE’S 10p GO AND PHONE YER MAM AND TELL HER YOU WOAN’T BECOMING HOME TONITE!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I’m asking for is one from you.
Hey babe- pretend my pants is France and invade them.
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What’s wrong, don’t you like pizza?
Hey babe, want to get LUCKY!?!?!!
Hey babe, want to sample my DNA?
Hey baby there’s a party in my pants and you are invited!
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
Hey baby you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
Hey baby, are you like Sprite because you make me want to obey my thirst.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you’ll have a place to sit.
Hey baby, do you believe in love at the first sight, or should I walk by again.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, because every time I see you, you turn me on!
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Hey baby, I’d like to herd by cattle in your fertile valley.
Hey baby, I’ll fuck you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we’re done.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
Hey baby, let’s go make some babies.
Hey baby, let’s play house, you can be the door and I’ll slam you all night long!
Hey baby, want to play lion? You go kneel down right there and I’ll throw you my meat.
Hey baby, what do you say we go behind that rock and get a little boulder?
Hey baby, what’s your sign? Caution, slippery when wet, dangerous curves ahead, or yield?
Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
Hey Baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
Hey baby, you’ve got something on your butt – my eyes!
Hey Baby! I’d like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
Hey baby. Why don’t you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
Hey baby… you got any diseases? Want some?
Hey baby…can you suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose?
Hey cutie, want to go halves on a baby?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Hey girl, feel my sweater. Know what that’s made of ? Boyfriend material.
Hey good lookin’, whatcha got cookin’? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina!
Hey gorgeous ! I’ve just finished studying the book of numbers. But I noticed I don’t have yours.
Hey how many boyfriends have you had? (Like 10 I Think) Could I Make That 11?
Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down.
Hey I see your wearing clothes, I’m wearing clothes, you know we have something in common we should get together and do something sometime.
Hey I’m looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
Hey pretty, do you want to date me ? Yes=Smile. No=Backflip
Hey so you want to see some magic? You and I will go to your place have sex and I’ll disappear in the morning.
hey sugar tits
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
Hey, are those jeans? because they’re blue!!
Hey, are you hiring? I really need a blowjob.
Hey, baby, want to lock crotches and swap gravy?
Hey, do you exercise? Can I be your thighmaster?
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, don’t I know you? Yeah, you’re the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Hey, I’m new in town.
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey, my seamen has the SPF of 30, care to rub some on your face?
Hey, you want to do a 68? You go down on me, and I’ll owe you one.
Hey, you’ve got a lawyer’s ass. Yip, it’s firm.
Hey! want to play war? (replies) WHAT? (you) Yea, I lay on the ground and you blow the fuck outta me!
Hey! Ya want to try out my new ‘Home Artificial Insemination Kit?’
Hey. Do you have that Hawiian Disease? What? Comeoniwant tolayya.
Hey. My friends wanted me to come over here and ask you if they were fake. Can I sqeeze them to find out?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
Hey… Didn’t I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
Hey… somebody farted. Let’s get out of here.
Hi my name is _______, remember it, cause you’ll be screaming it all night
Hi my name is (your name), did I mention I have a penis?
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, do you dissect insects for scientific research? (No, why?) I thought you
Hi, do you speak English? (yes.) Oh, me too.
Hi, do you want to have my children? (assuming the answer is ‘no’), OK then, can we just practice?
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
Hi, I
Hi, I am your slave, take me home and mistreat me.
Hi, I have big feet.
Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.
Hi, I was just wondering? Do you wipe front-to-back or back-to-front?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’m a necrophiliac, how good are you at playing dead?
Hi, I’m doing a survey …What’s your name? What’s your phone number? Are you free next Saturday?
Hi, I’m gay. Do you think you can convert me?
Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Hi, I’m new to this country and you are the prettiest sight I’ve see so far.
Hi, I’m the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?
Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’ve been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and think it’s time to see if I’m right.
Hi, my name is ______________. I eat pussy like a woman.
Hi, my name is Milk. I’ll do your body good.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Hi, my name is Pogo, want to jump on my stick?
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hi, my name’s ______________. You might want to remember it now, because you’ll be screaming it later!
Hi, sorry I don’t have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line. . .
Hi, want to f**k? [No] Mind lying down while I do?
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
Hi. I’m an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Hi. I’m horny.
Hold out two fingers and say: Why should a woman masturbate with these two fingers? (I don’t know.) Cause they’re mine sweetheart.
Honey, your dad doesn’t have a penis. He’s got a paintbrush!
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open, and I’ll give you the meat!
How about you be my story and I’ll be your climax!
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
How is it that I know so many digits of Pi, yet I know 0 digits of your phone number?
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m (insert name here).
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How much will $20 get me?
How was heaven when you left it?
How was heaven when you left it?
How would you like to have a sexual encounter so intense it could conceivably change your political views?
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
How YOU doin
Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fuck you, would you let me?
I am participating in the Sexual Olympics multiple orgasm relay race my partner just died of exhaustion. Would you like to help me out?
I am writing a new algorithm, and I need some test data. What are your measurements?
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. (kiss her) oh.. seems like I lost the bet.
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I bet you $20 you’re gonna turn me down.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I can play the 1812 Overture on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
I can sense that you’re a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is good bye.
I can’t believe I’ve been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find ‘The One’, all I have time to say is good bye.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I could use some spare change and you’re a dime.
I cum in 5 seconds, you won’t even know I was there.
I didn't know angels flew this low.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
I didn’t believed in heaven, until I saw you.
I didn’t know that angels could fly so low!
I didnt believe in predestination until tonight.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
I don’t have a girlfriend, but I do know a woman who would be mad at me for saying that.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don’t know what you are doing to me, but every time I look at you I can’t stop smiling.
I don’t know what you think of me, but I hope it’s X-rated.
I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I don’t know you, and you don’t know me, but who’s to say it’s wrong if we sleep together?
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already.
I enjoy doing maintenance, you look like someone I would like to tinker around with.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I got a 14 inch cock, why don’t you come home with me and I’ll let you ride
I gotta warn ya, every man I’ve ever gone out with has been ruined.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
I had sex with someone last night. Was that you?
I had your sister last year, she sucked. want to defend your family honor?
I have a 13 inch dick. Remember that, there will be an oral exam later.
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
I have a boyfriend. [Guy] I have a pet goldfish. [Girl] What? [Guy] I thought we were talking about things that didn’t matter.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don’t let me die!
I have an owie on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
I have an owie on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
I have an oral fixation with giving oral gratification. If you are willing to receive I am more than willing to give.
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I have some hard code I want to try your compiler on.
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
I have this magic watch that can actually talk to me. Seriously, it’s saying something right now. It says that you’re not wearing any underwear, is that true?. [No.] Oh wait, my watch is an hour fast!
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I heard you are looking for a stud. I’ve got the STD, all I need is U.
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking YAside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!Your mom told me to say Hi to youI named my dick the truth cause bitches can’t handle it!I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chestShe: I’m in a relationship | You: Let’s talk about how we can get you out of that.My mom thinks I`m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A BlessingDo you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.The letter ‘X’ scares me [Why?] Because I never want to be yours.Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!Your so cute its distractingYou know why I am like a squirrel? Cause I want to bury my nuts in you.Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you.You dropped something! [What?] Your smileYou are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.I might not go down in history, but I’ll go down on you!I want you to be the girl who takes my virginity.I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.Can I buy you a drink or do you prefer cash?Smile, if you want to have sex with me.You look fabulous! [pause] for your age.I like every bone in your body, especially mine.You’re so fucking sexy! You look just like my mom.Damn Girl, you’re cute, let me get your email address.I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.You know what I like in a girl? [What?] My dick.I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case.I don’t really believe in love at first sight, until I saw you.Damn Girl, your ass is bigger than my future!There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.I’m feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot. [Why?] Because I’d always miss you.Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.Go between two black girls and say Let’s make an Orio!Are you religios? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction.My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. want to use their money to buy drinks?You know how I got these guns? [Point to biceps] Lifting children out of poverty.Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!Let’s play Barbie. I’ll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my HeartCall me Chris Brown, cause I’d hit that! [Look at her ass]Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.Can I punch you in the face.. [pause] ..with my lips?You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks likeI have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.You’re on my list of things to do tonight.You’re like Pringles once I pop you, I can’t stop you.You’re like my own personal brand of heroin. You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.Your so hot I could roast my meat on you, baby.Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.Your place or mine? Tell you what? I’ll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?Your eyes are really cute. Oh, wait! I think the right one is a little cuter than the left one.Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.Your daddy must be a drug dealer, because you’re dope.Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.You’d mind if I fantasize about you?You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?You smell… We should go take a shower together.You look like trash, may I take you out?
I heard your ankles were having a party… want to invite your pants down?
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
I hope to God you can’t sing because I just want to fuck you.
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I’m gonna destroy that pussy.
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away.
I hope you like coffee…because I always have Folgers in my Cup
I hope you like dragons, because I’ll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I just don't feel called to celibacy.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I know its absurd, but every time I walk towards you, it feels like I'm being lead to Bethlehem.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
I know where there is a good party, they’ve got liquor in the front and poker in the rear.
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called My House!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I like your butt, can I wear it as a hat?
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile… I like every bone in your body… Especially mine!
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you tonight?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
I love baseball so take me home baby!
I love my bed but I’d rather be in yours.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I love you, I want to marry you. Now fuck my brains out.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I may not be a window repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock!
I may not be the best looking guy here, but Im the only one talking to you.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
I must be lost
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I only have 12 hours to live… please don’t let me die a virgin.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I put the stud in bible study.
I saw you from across the room shivering from the cold, I came over to offer my big strong arms to hold you and keep you warm.
I see that we both play soccer, it’s a great sign when two people love the same sport and it’s even better that we share the same stamina level for other rigorous physical activity.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I should call you Google, because you have everything I’m looking for.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I think I can die happy now, cause I’ve just seen a piece of heaven.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I think I love you but I can’t be sure until I kiss you…
I think I’m in heaven because you look like an angel. Can you take off your shirt so that I can check for wings?
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass!
I think my heart just lagged.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let’s just f**k.
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
I think you just stole something. [What?] My heart.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
I want to floss with your pubic hair.
I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to put my thingy into your thingy.
I want to stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
I want to take out your pencil and stick it in my pencil case.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help….
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you’re never going to forget.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to tell you your fortune. [Take her hand and write your phone number on it.] Your future is clear.
I want to thank you for [insert any event here], grab your ankles bitch!
I want to write a poem on your body with my lips
I want you to have my children (pause) GREAT! They are in the car outside..
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
I was just curious? Are you as good as all the guys say you are?
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.
I went on a beach mission but all I ended up doing was mission you.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was your derivative so I can lie tangent to your curve.
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
I wish you were a Pony Carousel outside Wal-Mart, so I could ride you all day long for a quarter.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I won’t give you a pick-up line, if you let me buy you a drink.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
I would fuck you so hard, you’d learn from it.
I would leave 99 sheep to come and find you... and then I would carry you home joyfully on my shoulder
I would part the red sea for you.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to say Luminos Maxima to turn me on!
I'd like to play on your laptop.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
I'm a proverbs 32 kind of guy and you're a proverbs 31 kinda woman...
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm no Joseph... perhaps you can help me interpreting the dreams I've been having about you?
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'm pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I'm usually not very prophetic, but I can see us together.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
I've lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you instead?
I’d better get a library card, because I’m checking you out.
I’d drag my balls through a mile of broken glass, followed by a mile of hot coals, just to chase a laundry truck that MIGHT have your dirty underwear on
I’d give you a piece of my mind, but I’ve got more of something else.
I’d like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart…
I’d like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
I’d like to screw your brains out, but it appears that someone beat me to
I’d like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a feed bag.
I’d marry your cat just to get in the family.
I’d really like to see how you look when I’m naked.
I’d rip out both my eyes just so you have more holes to screw me in
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonald’s. I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.
I’ll bet you $10 my dick can’t fit into your mouth.
I’ll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
I’ll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
I’ll make you shiver when I deliver.
I’ll marry you tomorrow, but let’s honeymoon tonight.
I’ll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I’ll suck you so hard that you’ll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I’m finished.
I’m a burglar and I’m gonna smash your backdoor in.
I’m a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
I’m a Love Pirate, and I’m here for your booty! ARRRGGGHHH!!!
I’m a starving artist and I want to eat you.
I’m a used car but you can still drive me!
I’m a writer, you’re a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
I’m afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
I’m an army recruiter. Why don’t you come over to my place and be all you can be.
I’m asian so I’ll eat your cat
I’m bigger and better than the Titantic – only 200 women went down on that vessel!
I’m conducting a survey on the taste of vaginas. want to be my first
I’m drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
I’m easy. Are you?
I’m either going home with you or behind you, take your pick.
I’m feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
I’m feeling a little off today. Would you mind turning me on?
I’m fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I’m going outside to make out… care to join me?
I’m going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
I’m gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I’m hard. You wet?
I’m hung like a tic tac. want to freshen your breath?
I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
I’m learning about important dates in history class. want to be one of them?
I’m leaving this place … want to cum?
I’m like a power plant. It’s hard to turn me down and I can turn you on
I’m like a Rubik’s Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
I’m like chocolate: I go straight to your ass!
I’m like Domino’s Pizza. If I don’t come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I’m no fred flintstone but i’ll make ur bedrock
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I’m no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
I’m not an expert in hardware, but I know that you’d be able to screw my nuts off.
I’m not Asian but I’ll still eat your cat.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
I’m not flirting. I’m just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive.
I’m not staring, I’m just stuck in a loop.
I’m not too good at algebra, but doesn’t U+I = 69?
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
I’m not trying to pressure you. I don’t want to have sex without mutual consent; oh and by the way, you have my consent.
I’m on fire. Can I run through your sprinkler?
I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
I’m peanut butter, you’re jelly, let’s have sex.
I’m scared of gettinggg pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I’m the doctor of love baby and you’re over due for your meat injection!
I’m the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
I’m the kind of man who deserves to have women I don’t deserve.
I’m trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I’m allergic to sex.
I’m willing to lower my standards if you’re going on a date with me.
I’m with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
I’ve been slightly depressed ever since my vasectomy.
I’ve been watching you dance from across the room, my body has been urging me to bump into you, hopefully your body and my body can bump and grind all night long.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
I’ve got a big nose, big hands, and really big feet. That’s right, I’m a clown.
I’ve got a big one, you want to see how hard it works?
I’ve got a condom with your name on it.
I’ve got a great big cock!
I’ve got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
I’ve got skittles in my mouth, want to taste the rainbow?
I’ve got the ship, you’ve got the harbor…what say we tie up for the night?
I’ve just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don’t worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.
If I can’t buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If I could never see the sun again I would be OK with that, because I can always look into your eyes and see all the brightness that I need.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you’ve made me smile, I’d hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together.
If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don’t, so let’s go.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say I love you with my last breath!
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say I love you with my last breath!
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
If I jumped on your back, would you beat me off?
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
If I said you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?
If I take off my clothes, will you fuck me?
If I told you I had a 2 inch dick would you f**k me? [No] Good, because mine is 8 inches.
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If i was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
If I was hungry for crabs would you spread your legs for me?
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
If I’d follow you home, would you keep me?
If I’m a pain in your ass… We can just add more lubricants.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If it weren’t for that DAMNED sun, you’d be the hottest thing ever created.
If it’s true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
If it’s true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn’t equal my love for you.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
If we were around with Noah... then you, me... pair.
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
If women were trophies, you’d be first place!
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
If you say no, I will rip out my hair and my beard.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you talk to me, I’ll fuck you.
If you want a carrot, its yours. If you want 24 carrots, keep on walking lady!
If you want me, don’t shake me, or wake me, just take me.
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
If you were a car, I’d wax you and ride you all over town.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
If you were a vegetable you’d be a cute-cumber.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were even half as gorgeous as me, I’d consider sleeping with you.
If you were floor boards i would take out all the nails and screw you.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.
If you weren
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If you’re advertising, I’m buying!
If you’re feeling down, I can fill you up.
If you’re going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?
Inheriting 10 million dollars doesn’t mean much when you have a weak heart
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Is it cold in here, or are you just happy to see me.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac’s in your bra?
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I’d love to tap that ass.
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Is this the transfiguration? Because you are glowing.
Is you father a lumberjack [No, why?] Because when ever I look at you, I get wood in my pants.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m loving it!
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Is your dad a farmer? (No, why?) Because you got some melons.
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you’re a real jem.
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you’re a masterpiece.
Is your dad retarded? Because you’re special
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you’ve got some nice buns!
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!
Is your father Lil Caeser? Cause you look Hot ‘n Ready.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're mmmm... good!
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you’re mm mm good!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Is your name swiffer? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name swiffer? ‘Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
Is your name Faith? Cause you're the substance of things I've hoped for.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'because baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
Is your name Pepsi cause’ I’ve gotta have it.
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
It
It sure is hot and stuffy in here. Would you like to take a cold shower?
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
It’s a new world order. Have your way with me.
It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all of the light is shining on you.
It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
It’s not the size of the boat. It’s the motion of the ocean.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Kanye feel the love tonight?
Kiss me and you will see how important I am.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kissing is a language of love….so how about a conversation?
Know what's on the menu? Me 'n' u.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don’t want to have sex after that, we won’t.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
Let’s bypass all the bullshit and just get naked.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal you’re heart, and you’ll steal mine.
Let’s face it. I’m hot, you’re hot and we both know you got a crush on me.
Let’s go fuck in a brand new limo.
Let’s go to my place and do the things I’ll tell everyone we did anyway.
Let’s go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
Let’s have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Let’s have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
Let’s just fuck.
Let’s make like a fabric softener and ‘Snuggle
Let’s make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
Let’s not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let’s get to it.
Let’s play hockey. Ill be the net, and you can score.
Lets play Titanic. When I say Iceburg! you do down.
Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you
Lets skip all the bull-shit lose our inhibitions and DO what we really came here to do.
Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, Fuck it.
Life is short. Let’s f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Life without you is like a broken pencil...pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Like Motel 6, I’ll leave the light on for you.
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
Look out in the night sky. You see that bright light to the right of that red one? That is a comet that is streaking toward here at 34546 miles per hour. At that rate, it will be here in about an hour. So, want to fuck?
Look, you're nearly 22. Most christians are 3 years into marriage by now... just settle for me.
Looks don’t matter, I’ll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl’s destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
Male: Hey, I don’t feel to good. Female: Why? Male: I feel like I have an elephant in my stomach. Female: What? Male: (looking down) I think his truck is already sticking out.
Mark Driscoll takes up 35% of my ipod memory.
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
May I flirt with you?
May i pleasure you with my tongue?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Me. You. Song of Songs: the remix.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Mines bigger than his want proof?
Miss, If you’ve lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word edible.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going… I just need eye contact from you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Superbowl because it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
My bed is broken. Can I sleep in yours?
My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.
My bologna has a first name…
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. want to buy some drinks with their money?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. want to buy some drinks with their money?
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
My dick’s been feeling a little dead lately. want to give it some mouth-to-mouth?
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
My driver’s license says that I am not an organ donor, but for you I will donate my heart.
My ex-girlfriend used to call me Goldfinger.
My face is leaving in fifteen minutes. Be on it.
My first name and your last name would sound great together.
My friend and I made a bet and I need to check if those are implants.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lips are like skittles. want to taste the rainbow?
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going….
My magical watch says you aren’t wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
My mother always told me that nothing is impossible and to follow my dreams, so I have my eyes on you to be mine.
My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
My name is Skittles… want to taste my rainbow?
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
My name’s [your name], but you can call me lover.
My name’s [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
My name’s Pogo, d’ya want to jump on my stick?
My place…..Eight o’clock……bring a friend.
My recipe for love is one cup of you, one cup of me, knead till hard, and serve hot.
My servers never go down... but I do!
My spiritual gift is my good looks... it lifts peoples spirits
Need me to unzip your files?
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Nice fucking weather. Want to?
Nice hair, want to mess it up?
Nice legs, lets eat out.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper ?
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
Nice Set of Floppies!
Nice shoes, want to fuck?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits, mind if i feel them?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are…gorgeous!
No one knows who you are, but you’re a celebrity in my eyes.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
Not many people can take my breath away, but you don’t even have to try.
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives... Because he never met you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Oh my God! I think I love you! Now lay down!
Oh no, I’m choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
Oh, I’m sorry, I thought that was a Braille name tag.
Oh, yeah, [band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You can come over to my place and tape it all if you want.
Oh, you’re a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
On The Phone
Once I have you I will not want to share you. I will want to keep you forever and put a shiny ring on that finger showcasing you to the world.
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
One of the things on my list is a umm….weird chick. And if I don’t get one soon, they won’t let me pledge…
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Perhaps you recognize me from one of the popular adult movies I was in.
Person #1: hey, you want to do a 68? Person #2: What? Person #1: You go down, and I’ll owe you one.
Pick a number between 1 and 10. You lose now take off your clothes.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Pinch me. [Why?] You’re so fine I must be dreaming.
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
Polar Bear (HUh) I just wanted to break the ice.
Put down that cupake... you're sweet enough already.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Roses are black, violets are red, what is it going to take, to get you into bed?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
Roses are red, violets are black, why is your chest as flat as my back?
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Save water, shower with a friend!
Say, that’s a nice [dress/outfit/article of clothing]. Can I talk you out of it?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Sex is a killer … want to die happy?.
Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let’s begin.
She/He says: Hold on
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Show me your pussy!
Since the first time I saw you dive into the swimming pool, I knew I had to dive into your heart.
Since we’ve been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
Sit on my face and let me get to ‘nose’ you better?
Sit on my lap and we’ll get things straight between us.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and I realized... I don't have yours!
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So what haven’t you been told tonight?
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I’ve got one that I’m just dying to put in your drawers.
So, what are the chances of my balls slappin’ your ass tonight?
So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
Somebody better call God, because heaven's missing an angel!
Somebody better call God, because heaven’s missing an angel!
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you’re the bomb!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
Something's wrong with my eyes, because I can't take them off you.
Sorry i can’t talk 2 u any more, the doctor told me i’m diabetic and i cant stand sweet things like u
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Sorry, I can’t hold on… I’ve already fallen for you.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Suppose you get down off your motorcycle and give me a ticket.
Take a screw with you and put it in your pocket. Then, when a girl comes up to you, offer her the screw and say, want to screw?
That dress looks great on you
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
That shirt’s very becoming on you. If I were on you, I’d be coming too.
That’s a nice shirt, can I take you out of it?
That’s a nice smile. It’d look better if it was all you were wearing!
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
The fact that I’m missing my teeth just means that there’s more room for your tongue.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
The most common pickup line used in a gay bar: May I push in your stool?
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to fuck you on the floor.
The only thing I want between our relationship is latex.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
The smile on your face is radiant, the glow on your cheeks is beautiful, and my lips on your lips would be magical.
The Sorting Hat saw my destiny, and it said I'm meant to be in your house.
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry'... how about dinner?
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
There are 265 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you’re the only one I’d like to mount.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Those jeans would look great on my bedroom floor!
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, Particularly nice weather.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Try me once and if you don’t like it, what have you wasted? What, six hours of your life? It’d be more if you want foreplay.
Unfortunately I cant perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
WAIT, don’t drink that. Don’t you know that makes your chest grow to twice its normal size? Oh, I’m sorry. I guess it’s too late.
want to fuck like bunnies?
want to go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
want to play kite? I lay down, you blow and we’ll see how high you can make me.
want to play Army? I lay down and you blow the hell outta me.
want to play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
want to play midget boxing? You get down on your knees and give me a couple blows!
want to tickle my Oscar Meyer Wiener?
Want to make a porno? We don’t have to tape it.
Want to play lion? (She asks, What’s that?) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
Want to practice speaking in tongues with me?
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my Red Hat?
Want to taste my dick? (What!?!) I said, do you want to taste my drink?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your Dad a baker? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
Was your dad a farmer? Cause you sure have great melons.
Was your dad a king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you!
Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you’re da bomb.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a welder? No, why? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
was your mother a beaver, because damn.
Wasn’t I supposed to eat you somewhere?
We’ll probably never see each other again, so let’s screw.
We’re going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and fuck.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get love and lust mixed up.
Were do you hide your wings?
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
What are you doing tonight beside me?
What color is your shit?
What do I have to do to be your booty call?
What do you say we play a game of Words With More Than Friends?
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What is long and hard, and right behind you?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
What time do you get off? Can I watch?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
What's your name and number so I can add you to my prayer list?
What’ll you say we make like Winnie-the-poo and I can get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
What’s a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
What’s a slut like you doing in a classy joint like this?
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
What’s the speed limit of sex? [what?] 68. Because at 69 YOU have to turn around!
What’s your sign?
When God made you, he was showing off.
When God made you, he was showing off.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I look at you I get butterflies in my stomach, my heart almost stops, and my palms feel sweaty, these are the signs of someone who is destined to go on a date with me.
When I look at you, everything else falls into a blur. I want my vision to be clear and focused so I will continue to look at you, which is the one thing that keeps my eyesight perfect.
When I look into your eyes I get lost in your soul. Every person is meant to have a soul mate, and I think you may be mine.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I read philippians 4:8, I think about you.
When I saw your face my heart skipped a beat, when you spoke to me my knees got weak, and when I ask you to go out with me, you will say yes!
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
When I’m older, I’ll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I’ll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Where do you hide your wings?
Where have you been all my life?
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
Where’s your paper bag? (What?) Your paper bag to put over your head.
Which is easier? You gettinggg into those tight pants or gettinggg you out of them?
Why don’t you come up sometime and see me?
Why don’t you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
Will you marry me for just one night?
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
Woman to Man: Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Wow! Are those real?
Write the following on a napkin and give it to a cute girl: Smile if you want to have sex with me. Watch her smile!
Yeah, it’s big and if you pet it, it spits
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
You are almost as hot as my mom.
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You are like a magnet and I am like a piece of metal, I am drawn and attracted to you.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are so selfish! You’re going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You are the reason men fall in love.
You are too beautiful to have a frown on your face. If you were my girl I would always keep you laughing so a permanent smile resides on your face.
You auto-complete me.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You can’t be my first, but you could be my next.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
You don’t sweat much for a fat chick.
You float my ark.
You glide. It’s a very attactive quality. Most girls, they merely plod along. You, on the other hand, you glide…
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
You got nice breasts, but what color are your nipples? Brown or Pink?.
You had me at Hello World.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they’d be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls.
You have seduced my eyes by your beauty, you have lifted my spirit with your personality, and I am ready to make you mine forever.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
You know how I feel about you – it’s like you’re a fossil sample and I’m an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain shortages? Well, I don’t even own a car.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
You know how your hair would look really good? [No.] In my lap.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know what would look great on you? Me.
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You know, it’s dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section… Because you could melt all this stuff.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You make me want to be a better Christian.
You make my software turn into hardware!
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
You may be a muggle, but that body is magical.
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall is in love with me.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.You make me wish I weren’t gay!You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.You look familiar, have we had sex before?You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.You know, sweetie, my lips won’t just kiss themselves…You know, if I were you, I’d have sex with me.You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!You know, I want to go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
You must be a good theif because you’ve stole my heart
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You must be a Snitch, because I've been Seeking you my whole life.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.
You must be the square root of two. Cause I feel irrational around you.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
You MUST have a nice personality.
You owe me a drink, you’re so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
You remind me of my cousin. (How?) I want to fuck you so bad, but I know that I can’t.
You remind me of my dead ex-girlfriend.
You say, So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship? The reply, No. You respond, Well then, let’s go to my place and I’ll tell you all about it.
You Say: Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.
You Say: I’m jealous of your dress. She says Why? You say: Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really want to Make You Mine.
You should be someone's wife.
You should join the circus.(Why?) So you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You so lovely, you make me want to go out and get a job
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
You totally spiked my traffic.
You want to know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
You with all those curves! And me with no brakes!
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
You’re so hot, I had to put on sun block just to come over here and talk to you.
your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen up?
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
Your body is amazing with curves in all the right places, but your smile is the curve that I appreciate the most.
Your body is curvy, your face is beautiful and your attitude is fierce, I think we are a perfect match.
Your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable. Please, take them off!
Your eyes are as blue as the sea I dumped my ex’s body in.﻿
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes sparkle from across the room and your smile is hypnotic. I need to know you better because my heart knows what it wants and it wants you.
Your Face [Pause] I like that shit!
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Your homepage or mine?
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
Your spirit shines brighter than a full moon; maybe one day I’ll get the chance to show you my full moon.
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a map? Cos Honey, I just keep gettingg lost in your eyes. You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea. Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future. How was Heaven when you left it? You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. Honey, you give new meaning to the defintion of 'edible'. I think I can die happy now, because I've just seen a piece of heaven. You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears. My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must the be queen of hearts. I'm no organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart. When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one. Excuse me...Hi, I'm writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you. Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are clear like the ocean? Because I can see straight into your soul. If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever. I wish I was one of ur tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips. Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes. It's not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me. God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen; until I met you.. Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U? What time do you have to be back in heaven? there are many fish in the sea but you're the only one that's caught my eye Everything about you is perfect except one thing, you aren't married to me. If your heart was a prison, I would want to be sentenced to life. When I'm older looking back at all of my finest memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.  If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors..don't be alarmed, babyqirl..you're just in my heart Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'! Girl, your really good at this catch and release thing. Every time I catch my breath around you, you make me lose it again. I think you've got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it's just a sparkle. Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you. I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. Lets commit the perfect crime, I'll steal your heart and you'll steal mine. If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty. When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one. Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel? Oh gosh gal your eyes look like falling stars. Hey baby! You know you're just like the sun, your beauty is blinding! If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say I Love You Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over. Hi, my friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. I think you're absolutely gorgeous. Do you wear contacts?! (she says no...) Because your eyes are just so beautiful! Are You Blood,Cause My Heart Cant Survive Without You I was gonna say something really sweet about you but when I saw you I was speechless. We must be near an airport, because my heart just took off when I saw you! I always get cuts and bruises because every single day, minute and second i keep on falling in love with you Your eyes are as blue as the sea after a storm Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more. If I walked a milimeter for everytime I thought of you, I would have walked across the Earth a million times (On a rainy day) I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes. Whoever said that no one is perfect has never seen you. There aren't enough O's in the word smooth to describe how smooth you are. If you know a person's name: Hi, [name]. How did you know my name? Isn't every beautiful girl named that? Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knots. (give a dozen plastic roses) I'll stop loving you, when these roses die. May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you? If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizard. You look like the morning sun after a long night of darkness. Your eyes are so blue I feel like I'm in the sky when I'm with you. If I got a star for every time I thought of you, I would have a whole galaxy. This morning I saw a beautiful flower...and thought of you. Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together? If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd only have a dollar because you never leave my mind. You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name? If I knew I was going to die tomorrow, I would spend every second today thinking about you. If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity. Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen my heart. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad. Your eyes are as blue as the ocean, and baby im lost at sea Your so sweet, your giving me cavities the only crime i will ever commit is stealing your heart You want to know who makes my life complete? Read the first word in this sentence If I was your heart would you let me beat? I now believe in Angels. Do you believe in fate? If you had eleven roses and you looked in the mirror; then you'd see twelve of the most beautiful things in the world. How does it feel? she ask's what; you say 2 be the only star in the sky It took 3 tries to approach you. I kept loosing my breath ... Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet. You: Can I borrow a quarter? She: why? ( if she says sure or something else get her to ask you why) You: so I can call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. (have something prepared to quickly follow through) My life is so sad and lonely (why) because your not in it Hey baby do you like a man that can carry big things because I have the biggest sweetheart I'll put a tear drop in the ocean. When you find it is when I'll stop loving you. I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you I know I don't have a library card but can I check you out? We're like a 4-Leaf clover. You're the C and I'm the R, and there's love in between us. Are you an angle? Because you're so acute. Your heart stops when you sneeze. Kind of like what happens when I think of you.
Did you get those pants on sale? (Why?) Because at my house they would be 100% off! Is your name Katniss, because you're starting an uprising in MY district. Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine? Is there a magnet in your pants? (Why?) Cause I'm attracted to your buns of steel! I can't play the guitar but i'll sure pluck your G String Excuse me miss, are you related to my keyboard? (No, Why?) Cause you're just my type! Boy: Lets play the firetruck game! Girl: How do you play? Boy: I run my fingers up your legs and you say redlight when you want me to stop Girl: Okay.... RED LIGHT! Boy: Fire trucks don't stop for red lights! Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future. Stop being pre-paid and give me a minute Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner! Are you an aspirin because I'd like to take you every 4 to 6 hours There are a lot of fish in the sea, but your the only one I'd like to mount and take back to my place Excuse me are you hiring? I heard you have an opening you need filled. Levi's should pay your ass a royalty. Your name must be winter because you're about to be coming. What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper Do you like parties? Because you can climb up my pants and have a ball! Is your name homework? 'Cause I'm not doing you, but I should be. I'm not Charmin, but I'd be all up in that booty.... If you were vanilla ice cream and I was hot caramel, I'd pour myself all over you Here is $30. Drink until I am really good looking, then come to talk to me. You know how your hair would look really good? [No.] In my lap. Girl......you are like a tall glass of water. And im telling youuuu str8 up im thirsty. If you were a word on a piece of paper you would read (fine print) Hey baby, how about we go back to your place to Netflix and chill. I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless. kissing is a language of love....... so how bout a conversation? How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your FaceBook? If you were a laser you'd be set to stunning. Baby, your lips are like candy and im the fat kid Hey girl you got a father? ....Want a daddy? If I said you had a beautiful body , would you hold it against me? There aren't enough O's in the word smooth to describe how smooth you are. Girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear. You're in a relationship, im in a relationship but that doesn't mean we can't have relations You must be a ship you've always been on my radar Is your address in the middle of the equator because you're so hot! If a blade of grass was sexy, then baby youd be a field. I'm not a big fan of your last name but don't worry, I can change that. If fine was a felony you'd be on death row. Motion your finger to a girl to get her to come your way. When she arrives say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum. You owe me money!! (Why?) because you've been living in my heart and not paying rent Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off? You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain, well, shortages? Well, I don't even own a car. (for an overweight person)Hey baby, do you want to put the love in these handles? Am I in the woods because your a fox The only thing I want between our relationship is latex How about you come live in my heart and pay no rent? What's the name of your perfume? Catch of the Day? Good evening. May a thorn sit down amongst the roses? If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town Excuse me for interupting, and im not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if youre packing that much ass. Hey, I lost my gun holester can I use yours? Hey I am like a Rubik's cube the more you play with me the harder I get! Cute smile...Is that the only thing you can do with those lips? God almost didn't make you. He was afraid the angels would get jealous. Starlight, starbright why don't you come home with me tonight! Hi, I'm an fine art appraiser and your ass is priceless! You must be a parking ticket because you got fine written all over you If Santa Claus comes down your chimney, and puts you in his sack, dont worry because I wanted you for christmas I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot. If your left leg was thanksgiving and your right leg was christmas can I come see you between the holidays. You're so hot you would make the devil sweat. Awww.. BABY GURL YOU Aint NO DYME BECAUSE DYMES GET SPENT, BUT IN OTHER WORDS YOU A DIAMOND BECAUSE DIAMONDS LAST FOREVER See that girl over there (if yes) shes likes nails. I sure hope you prefer screws because I can give you alot! Is your body a map? Cause I love to travel! Did the sun come up or did you just smile at me? Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down. Lets go behind a rock and get a little boulder!! Are you the Ocean? Cause you make me want to dive in. Be unique and different, just say yes. You look so sweet your giving me a toothache. Hey babe...do you realise that my mouth can generate over 3000 rpm? If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity. There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it. I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you. Love is the answer... but while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions. All those curves, and me with no brakes. Smile if you want to sleep with me then watch the victim try to hold back her smile... If I filp a coin what are my chances of gettinggg head? Let's go behind that rock, and get a little boulder. Your like my little toe: small, cute and I'm going to bang you on my Coffee table later on. Am I pleased to see you or did I just put a canoe in my pocket You must work in a library because you just increased my circulation! Didn't I see you in Girls Gone Wild? You must be in a wrong place - the Miss Universe contest is over there. Hey there you look good, how many guys do i have to wait behind? Do you have bones? (Yeah) Then we already have 207 things in common. Hey ,they call me coffee cause I grind so fine What's wrong? You're looking a little sad and gloomy. What you need is some Vitamin me. Haven't we met before?... I'm not too good with names but i'm awesome with numbers. If a kiss was a snow flake I would send you a snow storm Your name must be mickey, cause you so fine. (In reference to One Hit Wonder Song by Toni Basil) Nice pants...can i test the zipper? I know hello in 6 different languages, which one do you want me to use in the morning? Can i get your football jersey (what?) you know your name and number If I put my key in your ignition will it turn you on? I need to make a citizens arrest against you, cause it's a crime to be that fine! Your like Cigarettes, adictive as hell Did you brush your teeth this morning or do I need to taste them to find out? Did you just take a shower or is it me that's making you wet? I feel like Richard Gere, I'm standing next to u, the PRETTY WOMAN (for an overweight person)Hey baby, do you want to put the love in these handles? Do u have a boyfriend? Well, when u want a MANfriend, give me a call. Hey baby, are you a tsunami? Cause you can rock my boat all night long. Wow I must be good at darts because I hit a bullseye with you Damn Girl, your about to make the rocket in my pants blast off! Have you ever slid down a rail, She says no would you like to slide down mine. Girl, your so hot, I need oven mitts! Hi, my name is Doug. Backwards, it's god with a little bit of U wrapped around it. We're both fine specimans lets say we go make some more Could you step away from the bar? your making all the ice melt do you have an extendo ladder? because the first wall you put between us was to high for my regular ladder. Hey Baby. My underwear is completly stretched out. You know what that means. Drop a packet of sugar on the floor next to the girl you are after. Pick it up and say I'm sorry, but I think you dropped your nametag! want to try and Australian kiss? (what's that?) It's like a French kiss...only down under! Hey you free for dinner, because I have a private chef who makes a mean breakfast in bed.....You see where I'm going with this? (Works better if you actually do have a private chef) Are you a drummer, because you seem to know the beat of my heart. Hey, you owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked past. Are you a boxer?? (No) Well how about you get on your knees and give me two blows to the head? Did you ever realize screw rhymes with me and you? Are you an alien cause you have just abducted my heart I'd buy you a drink but I would be jealous of the straw Did you wash your clothes in windex? Cause i can see myself in your pants Excuse me, do you have a quarter? (No,why?) Well cause I told my girlfriend I'd call her when I found someone better Lets play circus, first sit on my face i'll guess ur weight and i'll eat the difference Do you have a cellphone in your back pocket(why?) Cause yo booty been callin me alllll dayyyy throw a packet of sugar and say..... excuse me miss you dropped your nametag Excuse me I think you droped something (when she asks what?) My Jaw Since beauty is only skin deep, your body has no insides... They say apples don't fall far from the tree, so that must mean your mom's hot too Girl do you have a fever cause you sure look hot ! I think I saw a picture of you once, I saw it in the dictionary, it was right next to the word KABLAAM Do you like punani .. because I would like 2 eat sum! Hey, I just got my room soundproofed. Would you like to go test it out? Are you a lightswitch? Why? Cause you really turn me on I like my coffee just like I like my women with (extra sugar, black, etc) You want to play pool I'll shoot my balls in your holes Hey baby, is your name Daisy? Becuase i have the urge to plant you right here. It may be a needle, but it works like a sewing machine Are you a speeding ticket? Cause you got fine written all over you Was that an earthquake, or did I just rock your world? Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin?(no, why?) because i noticed the humps Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, Particularily nice weather. Is there a magnet in here because baby I'm attracted to You. I saw you from across the room, and I fainted, and hit my head. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance reasons Hey do you want to play Pearl Harbor. if yea. it is where I sit back and you blow the hell out of me Hey (say their name), I know this is not a chat room but my lips want to chat with yours You know what would look good on you.....me Were you standing by the fire? (why) cause your hair is on fire You so fine I'd bite yo toe nails and drink yo bath water. Do you like milk? Cause you have it around your lips (two girls are talking to each other) interupt them saying hello ladies i don't mean to come between you... or do I? are your parents terrorists? Cause you're the bomb Hey do you have an extinguisher cause your on FIRE! Excuse me...Hi, I'm writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you. Are you a high jumper because u make my bar go up. Are you going to the BBQ (What BBQ?) My meat in your grill want to make like scarface and say hello to my little friend The only vowels I need are U and I Do you need a napkin? because you look DIRTY!!! are you a pirate? {she replies no why?} cause i am diggin your booty.. (or chest)... Baby, you give the sun a reason to SHINE. Do you have 10 cents cause from here you look like a dime You have monkey wrench eyes, everytime I look into them my nuts tighten If I was naked, holding some pie and ice cream, would that still be dessert? or would I? I've got the ship, you've got the harbor ... what say we tie up for the night? Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you. YOU HAVE SOMETHING ON YOUR ASS [WHAT?] MY EYES. Are you GREEK [IF NO] Are you SURE CAUSE you LOOK LIKE A GODDESS TO ME Do you know where the nearest insane assylum is? Because baby, without you I'm going crazy. I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away! Girl do you take karate because your body is kicking. Your name must be Daisy, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here! Hey babe, can I have your number? I think it'll look better in my pocket than in your head. That shirt is becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too. Is your last name pepper cause your SMOKIN! hey baby want to see the pot of gold at the end of my rainbow Can I use your phone to call God & I need to tell him 1 of his angels are missing You have something on your ass..what?...my eyes. Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly colour coordinated. Man.... Christmas must have come early this year because you where first on my Christmas list. (boy)want to play titanic:(girl)yeah:(boy) when i say iceberg you go down Are you THE MATRIX, casue I'M THE ONE. If Beauty was a crime, you'd get the death penalty. If i filp a coin what are my chances of gettinggg head? Hey you know what(what) you remind me of homework (why) because your always ready to be done Do you have a paper towel because I get dirty lookin at you! If you were my deck I would take out the nails and screw you. Before you put that outfit on they were just clothes, But with you in it.. it is a fashion statment. Was your Father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body? Save a horse, ride a cowboy. You're like milk, I just want to make you part of my complete breakfast.
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you! Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is ..... Do you want to play lion tamer? she asks: What is that? you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth. Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could humpback at my place. Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs. If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole! My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead? Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect. Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock. Do you like Eagles? Cause I can make you sore. Can I borrow your cellphone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox! Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps! Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow. Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, because i want to take you home! There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home Are you a unicorn cause your my fantasy want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch. Hi, Can I domesticate you? I've been thinking about you...Owl night long. I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me? Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood. Do you like bald eagles? (Yeah, why) Then spread for me! My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild. Do you have pet insurance? No?.... Cause I'm going destroy your pussy. Are you a racehorse? Cause when I ride you'll always finish first. I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you Do you eat chicken cause you can suck my cock. If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole! I'll have the chicken breast hold the chicken. Are you a dog? Because I'd like to throw you a bone. Does your daddy have a pet owl? Because you are a hoot. Are you a great white shark, cause you look like you want to swallow me whole. If you were a fishtank, I would tap that! What do you call a penguin with a large penis? An icebreaker. Hey honey, I saw how you handled that mechanical bull and i want to let you know you can straddle me too. Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood. If you were a horse I'd ride you all the time You want to see a donkey show? Hi, I'm a birdwatcher and I'm looking for a Big-Breasted Bed thrasher, Do you know where i can find one? Are you from Narnia? 'because you sure make my lion roar. They say the early bird catches the worm, but girl you can show up at any time and still get a bite. Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you! I'm a lion: Meow It's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open! I heard your into dinosaurs...well imma Lickalotofpuss Remember Finding Nemo, because in a minute you'll be finding out I nemo p***y Do you like Sea World, because your about to be in my splash zone Hey girl i heard you like snakes so let my snake sliver all over you Do you have some bug spray? Because I have butterflies in my tummy If you where a sheep I would clone you Are you a Big Breasted Thrasher, because I'm Steven Seagull and I'm here to rescue you. If you were a farmer i would let you choke my chicken Did you grow up on a chicken farm? (NO) Because I heard you were good at raising cocks! Nice Camel....(look down then up)... want to hump? You're like a prize winning fish... I dont know whether to eat you or mount you. Someone told me you like Owls, Well you'll love the way Owl give you this dick Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out....) Would you like to? Hey Baby did you know they call me Yoggie Bear (no why?) Because im always chasing after the Honey! Do you handle chickens because your good with cocks Does your pussy smell like fish because I like sushi Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too. Your like a bright light and im like a bug, because im so darn attracted to you. Girl your like a trophy bass I dont know whether to eat you or mount you! Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable. Hey baby, want to play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat. If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot? What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? her: what? you: it breaks the ice. hi, i'm (your name) If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole? Do you know what a Timberwolf is? No. Thats a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her inbetween the limbs. Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals! Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week. Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice! Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a trouser snake If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
Hey baby, you're out of this world. want to see my milky way? Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus. Are you wearing spacepants? 'Cause that ass is out of this world! You must be the North Star, because the light around you guided me here You'd better call me William Herschel, because I'm gonna discover Uranus A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars. There will only be 7 planets left, when I'm done with Uranus The Universe must revolve around you, because your gravitational forces are bangin Are you a Taurus?, cause I'm gonna Taurus snatch up If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the midnight sky would soon be empty. So You work for NASA cause Your out of this world Baby your like a black hole, you just suck men up Ask her How does it feel? When she ask's what; you say To be the only star in the sky Is your dad a thief? Why? Cause I saw him steal all the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes. I'm a star. want to taste the Milky Way? I think you would beat the moon in a pretty contest. I'll show you the world, if you show me Uranus. You look much more attractive in person than you do through my telescope. Every time i look at you i feel like an astronaut...your beauty makes me float. I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun-with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared. I must be the Sun and you must be Earth, cause the closer we get, the hotter you become. Starlight, starbright why don't you come home with me tonight! They call me the milky way...Pleasure You Can't Measure. NASA said there will only be 7 planets after I destroy your anus Astromy is a great thing. Want to see the Big Dipper? I think I might become an astronomer, because I'm very fascinated with Uranus (your anus). Who took the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes?
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life You had me at your impeccable spelling and correct use of grammar. I used to be able to recite the English alphabet till we met, now I can't get past u Are you my favorite book, cause when I think about you I touch my shelf. You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell. Care to come back to my place for a little Dickens? Damn girl, I must be reading a book because you are FINE print. Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future. Here is my libary card, because im checking you out. Are you gonna kiss me or do i have to lie to my diary? Can I Slytherin your Ravenclaw or would you rather Hufflepuff my Gryffindor? You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life! You want to know who makes my life complete? Read the first word in this sentence Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT! I want to stick my Sorcerer's Stone in your Chamber of Secrets and release The Prisoner of Azkaban into your Goblet of Fire giving the Order of the Phoenix making my Half Blood Prince rise and give you the Deathly Hallows If my right leg was christmas and my left was Easter, would you like to spend some time between the holidays? I love you like an unspoken metaphor. That's why I had to use a simile. I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U? I heard you're a Gryffinwhore (Why?) Because you let every wizard Slytherin! I wrote your name in the sky but the clouds blue it away. I wrote your name in the sand but the waves wash it away. I wrote your name in my heart and forever it will stay.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC! Can I double stuff your Oreo? Do you like Kelloggs? (yes) want to frost my flakes? You must be the owner of burger king..because your giving it to me the way i like it! Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be. Starbucks believes that their concept would be complete if You agreed to have coffee with me... Girl... your like Mastercard... seeing you is pricless Do you like Wendys? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendys nuts slide across your face. I may not be Fred Flinstone, but I sure can make your bed rock. How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your FaceBook? I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn. Hey is your last name Chilli's cause I can see myself chewin those babybacks Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's. Do you work at Dicks? because your sporting the goods! Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust. Did you just come from KFC, cause your have thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick. I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship? Do you work for UPS? 'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package! This Dick a rental car company.....It Hertz You remind me of a green bottle. because I want to Mount and Do you! I want to run my Hot Wheel around everyone of your curves! Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? because I'm goin cookoo for you How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce? I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes. Girl are you my new iPhone? Cause I can't stop staring at you in public. If you were a pair of adidas sneakers, I'd, uh, like, really be into adidas sneakers! I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!! I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way. If you were any sweeter, there'd be a Wanted poster for you down at Mrs Fields I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day. I just ate a bag of skittles want to taste the rainbow? I play real life dyslexic monopoly because I know my way around a broad. Take me to Papa John's, because this is love at 425 degrees. Girl, I'm an American Express lover... you shouldn't go home without me. Do you like Wendy's.. Cause your going to love wendys balls slap against yo face Hey you thirsty, cause I can give you the Sunny-D Hey baby, how about we go back to your place to Netflix and chill. Do you work at FedEx? Because I'd let you handle my package. I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow? Damn....Levis should pay you royalties. My names not ELMo, but you can tickle me anyways! Baby, you make me want to Netflix and Chill all day long. Are you a bottle of Coke cause you open my happiness Are you from Tim Hortons, because you smell fresh? If you were a Porsche, I'd wax and ride you all over town Mario is Red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2. Why pay $5 when you can't get this footling for free What's the difference between a boner and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini right now Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte. Are those Guess jeans? 'Cause guess who wants to get into 'em. Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? because Ur Hot And I'm Ready. I'll slime you so good you'll think your on Nickelodeon Call me Mountain Dew, 'cause when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast. Don't you work at Hooters? You must work at subway...cause you`re givin` me a foot long. Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business Levi's should pay you a royalty. Shaped like a coke bottle and the face of a model. Can I stick my hot pocket in your easy bake oven Hi my name is pogo. Would you like to jump on my stick? If sexy were an Oreo. you would be double stuffed Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime. Do you work at Home Depot? (No) Because you sure are giving me wood. I've got Skittles in my mouth , want to taste the rainbow? Your nickname must be Ronald McDonald because I'm loving you. (Guy) My name is Hostess...Because I have the cream filling You know I live a Magnum Lifestyle I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade. I'll be your drum...you can beat me all night long! Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste u Now And Later Girl your so sweet you put hershy's out of business. Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late! Your like 7 11 everyone gets a slurp and i think its my turn I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free. Do you work at Mcdonalds? Cause I was wondering if I could get a fry with that shake. Is that an iPod mini in your pocket or are you just happy to see me. I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place. What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper Damn baby is your body from McDonalds?(No Why?) Because I'm Lovin' It You remind me of a pokemon, because I'd like to PEEKACHU! Girl if You Were A Dodge truck, I'd Ram You. Baby I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco but, I sure will spice up your night. You make me want to upgrade my Tivo. If sexy were an oreo, you'd be double stuffed! You're like a Pringles. Once I pop you, I can't stop you! Are you the maker of frosted flakes because you look gggggreat Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you. I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh! You must've been made by Intel to be that hot! Are you McDonalds? 'Cause you're going straight to my thighs. You think chewbacca's hairy?....Wait 'til you see my wookie. I wish I were Winnie the Pooh so I could stick my nose in your honey jar. Let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle. Are you a frito cause your really corny Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind Damn girl! have you been eating Lucky Charms?(why?) because you`re looking magically delicious! Do you like hamburgers? because i'll go in-n-out of you! Is your body from mcdonalds? because im lovin it Are you a meal at mcdonalds? If you were you would be a mchottie I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right! Girl, I got more game than a Xbox 360! If life was a Tivo, I would rewind you and play you over and over. Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous. Baby your what makes Campbell soup mmm good. My name is pogo. Would you like to jump on my stick?
Is it hot in here or is this relationship suffocating me? I just can't take the bad sex anymore. I'll always remember last night, but I think we can forget about tomorrow. Roses are red, Violets are blue. Garbage is dumped, now so are you. Do you believe in love at first sight? How about misery after three years? I now pronounce you dumped and single. You may now kiss my ass. You're perfect in every way, just not for me. It's not you...it's your taste in music Hey baby, are you being followed? Because I've been seeing people behind your back. Maybe this is not the right time for us Really, our time together has just become more effort than you're worth. I wish I could say you were the most special person in the world, but you're not. You care too much about the KKK...Kim Kourtney & Khloe. Roses are red violets are blue sugar is sweet and so were you... but now the roses are wilted the violets are dead the sugar bowls empty and so is your head We're just at different points in our lives I just can't handle the distance....Sorry. Maybe we're not compatible You're not Mr. Right.... just Mr. Right Now. You just don't get me like you use to. I need space. I just can't live with the pathetic tickles that you call sexual thrusts' anymore. Sorry I stopped contacting you. I had to go back to rehab. I need to find myself and I just can't do that with you. I was asked to make a choice. If I had not been asked, I may have chosen differently. My dick is committed to you, but my heart is not. You deserve better and so do I. I think you feel more than I do and I don't want to hurt you We should be free to meet our special someone Sorry Stacy, but I think I'm in love with your mom I found a new running partner. Hey babe, you heard of the movie 'Other people' Yeah, why? I think we should see it I'm sorry but you don't smoke weed. I took a gamble and chose you, now i believe i made the wrong choice This isn't easy and neither are you...I'm breaking up with you. I still care about you, but I just don't find my heart jumping out of my chest when I see you anymore. I think you love me more than I love you. My cat doesn't like you. We are like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it. I need time to focus on my career. Look, our relationship is like doing push ups on your knees... It's just not working out We can still be friends.... If it's meant to be it's meant to be....but just to be clear it isn't. I need to learn to love myself before I can love you It's not because I don't like you, it's because I hate you I think our timing is off I'm looking for a long-term relationship and I just can't pursue that with you. The longer we are together, the less serious I am about you. I treated this relationship like my diet, one cheat day a week. Roses are red,violets are blue. We're breaking up beacause i never loved you. Maybe we should take a break.. There's something I've been wanting to say since the day we met.....goodbye Can we still share a netflix account? You should search for someone with the same principles and values. You just know me too well, and that freaks me out. I don't want to hold you back. We don't make each other happy, is that what you want to hear? Remember when I asked you out? Well, I was talking to the girl behind you Our relationship is like a fat guy, What? It's not working out. I'd rather masturbate than be with you. I feel like I'm changing, and though I do love you and I really like spending time with you, I'm not as in love' with you anymore.. I don't want the responsibility of someone else's happiness. Maybe we have too much in common. We are too much alike.
Girl, you remind me of Jason Derulo, because every-time we meet I want to sing your name! Let's play a love game, I'll be Alejandro, you can be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick! Hey babe we go together like Lady Gaga and #1 records! Baby girl, your like Taylor Swifts single You Belong with Me (Why's that?) Cause I just can't get you out of my head! Hi, am I mistaken or is Justin Bieber's song Baby about you? Is your name Katniss, because you're starting an uprising in MY district. Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of Taylor Lautner and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me Are you related to Johnny Depp? (Why?) Everytime you get near me my heart pounds and I want to scream! I will be a dixie chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away! Is your name Ariana cause that ass is grande. Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you Are you're legs dancing to Taylor Swift, Because it looks like they are never ever gettinggg back together I'm no Tiger Woods, but I am a Tiger, and I have Wood Do you like Basketball? Because I would like to show you my Magic Johnson Why, sure! Hello! I've just been elected President Of The United States! Care to come sit on my Oval Office? Okay! Are you the daughter of Willy Wonka because you look delicious Ever heard of Metalica? Because you could ride my lightning. Is your name Tom Brady? Cause you can inflate my uterus. How about you let me put my Malcolm in your middle. When you find Waldo is when I'll stop loving you , but if you find him then I'll stop loving you when Justin Bieber hits puberty. I'm like Harry Houdini, I can make your cloths disappear in a snap. Girl You Remind Me Of Candy Clark Cause You Sure Got A Sweet Ass ! Hey girl do you want to dance cos you make my testicals do the macarena Have you met Ted? Are you Halle Berry?(girl:no!) well then you have to besome kinda of movie star If I were Peter Pan You would be my happy thought. If I was a Jedi, would you be my force? You make Paris Hilton look like a teletubbie. Girl, if you were a transformer, you'd be a hot-o-bot, and your name would be Optimus Fine. I'm no David Blaine but i can do magic in bed Bond. James Bond. Trying to Pick Up Celebrity Pick Up Lines: Go up to one or more of the Desparate Housewives (Teri Hatcher, Eva Longoria, etc) How about you and me go out on a date and we can do a sequel called Satsisfied Housewives Fergi from the Black Eyed Peas Hey Fergi we have so much in common, I love girls with junk in their trunk (to a baseball player) Girl: are you a catcher? Guy: no or yes, why? Girl: cause you definitely caught my eye! Teeny Bop Pick Up Lines: Hi, am I mistaken or is Justin Bieber's song Baby about you? Hey there beautiful, would you make out with me if I told you that I stole Austin Mahones chapstick Let's play Celebrity Dogs, I'll be Justin Bieber's Papillon, you can be Selena Gomez's Husky Mix, and I'll bury my bone in your backyard! Let's play One Direction Mall Tour, you be a group fierce teens and I'll throw you some white meat! Hey baby girl my name is Bustin Drew Jieber, and I'm just like an Altoids mint, Small, White and Curiously Strong. Baby girl, U and I are like Justin Bieber and glass doors, I can't move without falling for you first! Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of Harry Styles and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me Are you related to Harry Styles? (Why?) Everytime you get near me my heart pounds and I want to scream! Girl, If I was Justin Bieber, I'd follow you on twitter, DM you my phone number, and sing I just need somebody to loooove when you called! Let's play doctor, you come down with Bieber Fever and I'll give you a full body exam! Hey, whats your name gorgeous? Selena, and yours? Justin Bieber, now don't forget that because you'll be screaming it later Baby girl, your like Pharrell Williams single Happy......Cause I just can't get you out of my head. Hey babe we go together like One Direction and #1 records!
I'd like to point out that beautiful has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together. When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin? Gurl, do you have a shovel in your back pocket? (No Why?) because I'm diggin' that ass! Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number? Are you from Holland? because amster-dayyyuuumm. Roses are red, violets are blue, what will it take to Snapchat your boobs. want to go on an ate with me? I'll give you the D later. Hey can I follow you home? (What?) Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams. Boy: Hi, is your name Google? Girl: (No, Why?) Boy: Because you have everything I'm looking for! Instead of being the derivative, id much rather be the secant so i can touch u not only once, but twice Boy: Girl, whats your number? Girl: I have a boyfriend Boy: I have a math test Girl: What? Boy: Oh I thought we were talking about things we could cheat on Boy: Lets play the firetruck game Girl: How do you play Boy: I run my fingers up your legs and you say red light when you want me to stop Girl: Okay Boy: Fire trucks don't stop for red lights! How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day! Boy: How many letters are in the alphabet? Girl: 26! Boy: I thought there was 21? Girl: Umm, no! Boy: Oh I must have forgotten the letters U R A Q T Do You Like Nintendo? because WII Would Look Good Together. If I hired 1,000 artists and made them work for 100 years they still wouldn't be able to paint a picture that is as beautiful as you. Which is easier? You gettinggg into those tight pants or me gettinggg you out of them? Get your coat, love, you've pulled. Give me 30 minutes over lunch, and i will win your heart, as you have already won mine. Hey beautiful, they call me Jolly Rancher cause I stay hard for a long time! I had two wonderful pickup lines. then i realized you deserve better. Hello, I'm Preston. Yawning Girl Pick Up Lines I'm tired too. We should sleep together! How come i know the hundreds of digits of Pi, but not the 7 digits of your phone number? My boys over there bet that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the room. Want to buy some drinks with their money? Look you little Juicy Fruit, don't be a Zero, be a Lifesaver. Why don't you take my Whatchamacallit and slip it up your Bit 'O' Honey? How about I grab your delicious Mounds, pull down your Snickers and put my Butterfinger up your tight little Kit Kat until you scream Oh Henry! Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be. Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual. If I were a gardener, I'd put your tulips and my tulips together. I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Are you a parking ticket because you got fine written all over you?' Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you want to be rolling in the D. Girl, your so hot my zipper is falling for you! (make her look) Would you like a gin and platonic or a Scotch and sofa? Your daddy must be a drug dealer, because you're so dope. Sorry, I forgot your name, can I call you mine? I advise you to surrender immediately, or I'll have to use a chat up line. Did you get those pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off. Excuse me miss, are you related to my keyboard? (No, Why?) Cause you're just my type! Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u. Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? I know you haven't been studying, You must want the D I'm not a photographer.....but I can picture us together. I'm no weatherman, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight. Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a weiner stand. Girl, I don't know if you're beautiful or not, I haven't got past your eyes! You smell like trash, can I take you out? Are you a clock? Cause you're ticking me off. Boy: Nickel for your thoughts? Girl: I thought it was a penny Boy: I think your thoughts are worth more! If I was a cat I'd spend all my 9 lives with you. Girl, I can give you what a thunderstorm can, 10-12 inches and you won't be able to leave the house for 2 to 3 days! You've been naughty go to your room, but if you want to be naughtier go to mine. Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back? Damn girl, you remind me of a green bottle. Because I want to Mount and Do you! Boy: Close your eyes. Girl: K Boy: What do you see? Girl: Nothin. Boy: That's my life without you. I was looking up at the stars last night and I was thinking of every reason I love you. I was doing great until I ran out of stars.
Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot? Roses are red, bananas are yellow, want to go out with a nice little fellow? I'm single and desolate. Can you help me? I'm lactose intolerant so please keep your cheesy pick up lines away from me. If I get hooked on you, will you hook up with me? Is your name Summer? It has to be, because you're hot! That dress would look great on my bedroom floor! Take me to Papa John's, because this is love at 425 degrees. Do you like short love affairs? I hate them - I've got all weekend. Don't you work at Hooters? I tried to send you something sexy last night but the mail man told me to get out of the mailbox You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy. Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I? Theres a party in my pants and your invited. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. You're so beautiful; your birthday should be a national holiday. I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours. Are those space pants? Cause your ass is out of this world. Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick! Turn to the girl sitting next to you at the bar and say, I'm not really this tall....I'm sitting on my wallet. Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again? Are you from tenessee? Cause your the only ten I see Your name must be Lucky Charms because you're magically delicious! I've only got three months to live. Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS! What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? MY ZIPPER! Aye girl, are you a Sharpie? Cause you are Ultra Fine I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment? If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me? Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position You look like Pamela Anderson's sister. Are you looking for a shallow relationship? Are you a model? Do you know karate cause your body is kickin If we're going to have sex later, you probably should be there. I want you almost as much as I want world peace.
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you. Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip. Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way Can I take a picture of you, so I can show santa exactly what I want for Christmas. If your left leg was thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays? Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel? If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you. You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults. How about I slip down your chimney, at half past midnight? want to meet Santa's little helper? What do you say we make this a Not-so-Silent Night? Girl if you come to my house on Black Friday, all clothes will be 100 percent off. Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows! Screw the nice list, I've got you on my nice and naughty list! That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you! My best toys run on batteries Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh? He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready. Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true. Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh? Interested in seeing the North Pole? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it) If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white christmas
Baby are you a motherboard?, Cause I'd RAM you all night long. You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers Roses are red, violets are blue, what will it take to Snapchat your boobs. You want to learn about computers huh, you've already passed the first lesson Turning Me On You defragment my life Girl, are you Wi-Fi? because im feeling the connection! Would you like to enjoy my laptop, I promise I don't have any viruses... Girl, you got software? I've got hardware. Together, we can liveware ever we want. Baby, there is no part of my body that is Micro or Soft I'm definitely in the range of your hotspot. How about you let me connect and get full access. You're hotter then the bottom of my laptop. You PnP? I want to RAM this RAW Hard Disk up your Megahertz'd Computer. Nothing PC bout it. Do you have a wifi password cause i'd love to connect to you! There is no cache, lets go straight to the hard drive. If I were an assembly language, I'd jump to your address, shift right a bit, push it in, pop it out, load a byte into your accumulator, then jump if you're negative. You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime Baby you must be Google Glasses, because you augment my reality Can I stick my USB drive in your USB port? Hey (say their name), I know this is not a chat room but my lips want to chat with yours. If I were an operating system, your process would be real-time priority. Nobody turns me on from a cold boot like you. Baby, you overclock my processor. Are you an Instagram picture because I want to double tap that. Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive You still use Internet Explorer, you must like it nice and slow Oh you still like Laptops, the you can put yo lap on top of my dick You turn my floppy disk in to a hard drive Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place. Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware. Baby you're so cute you made my page 404. Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM. If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority. Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor i'd like to deliver my load to. Baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
Are you a model? Roses are red, bananas are yellow, want to go out with a nice little fellow? You're more beautiful than a hundred pink flamingos on a golf course. If I get hooked on you, will you hook up with me? You're so beautiful; your birthday should be a national holiday. Are you looking for a shallow relationship? What's a nice girl like you doing talking to a loser like me? Don't you work at Hooters? Can you tell me a bedtime story and tuck me in? Does your left eye hurt? Because you been looking right all day. I lost my number can I borrow yours. Is your dad a lumber jack because every time I look at you i get a wood in my pants. If I could rearange the alphabet in a order I would put U and I first. I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours. Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back? Was you Father an Alien? Cos honey on planet earth there's nothing else like you! You're so hot you melt the plastic in my underwear. Got two nipples for a dime? I'm going to pull back your shattered self, I'm going to feed your madness, I'm going to fill you in. Do you think I could borrow that dress sometime? Help, somethings wrong with my eyes - I just can't take them off you. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. Girl you got something on your face. oh wait that is just a smudge of cuteness Theres a party in my pants and your invited. Your name must be Lucky Charms because you're magically delicious! Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again? (Gently rub the girl's back and say) I thought angels had wings. I must be Richard Gere because you are the Pretty Woman. I'm a great cook. What kind of food do you like? I sent an angel to watch over you when your sleeping, the angel came back and said Angels dont watch other angels. I'm single and desolate. Can you help me? If you were a booger, i'd pick you first You're the cutest zombie I've ever seen. Boy: excuse me am I dead? Girl: No, why? Boy: oh I thought I'm dead cause an angel appears in front of me.
Do you think I could borrow that dress sometime? There's this movie I wanted to see and my mom said I couldn't go by myself. You are so beautiful that I want to be reincarnated as your child so that I can breastfeed by you until I'm 20. Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too. I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you. That outfit would look great crumpled in a heap on unsolved mysteries I put the STD in STUD, all I need is U... I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way. Know what would look good on you? CRUTCHES Does this rag smell like chloroform to you? You look much more attractive in person than you do through my telescope. Do you like heavy metal? Because I can teach you how to scream. Hi, (look her up and down) you'll do Guy walks up and checks your tag- just what I thought...made in heaven. Do I know you from somewhere, because I don't recognize you with your clothes on? Girl, you gotta be tired because you been runnin through my mind all day. Hey can i have a lock of your hair? Cause I want to make a clone out of you. I'm a necrophiliac, so why don't you drop dead and I'll think about it! Are you a corn field, because I'm stalking you. Just say yes now and I won't have to spike your drink. I killed your crush so we can be together forever Just call me baby, cause I want to be inside you for the next 9 months Got two nipples for a dime? Come on, Im a friend of your dad. the last time I saw a body like yours, I was burying it in my basement I'd suck a fart out of your ass. If I touch you do you promise not to call the cops? Help, somethings wrong with my eyes - I just can't take them off you. You look to classy for pickup lines, thats why I have roofies. Can I read your t-shirt in braille. Hickory Dickery Dock, It's time to suck my cock I'm working on a porn site. want to be in the first video? Did you swallow a light bulb or something because you are shiny! I'm throwing a house party....and the only person invited is you Call the cops...See Who Comes first. I want to eat your shit on bread! Hey baby, you must be a light switch, because every time I see you, you turn me on! I have a fetish for feet, can I lick your toes?(if no) Please?! I got u something special baby, it's the condom I used when I lost my virginity Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back? I think I feel like Richard Gere - I'm standing next to you, the Pretty Woman. I dont want to come between you... or do I I find your lack of nudity disturbing Do you wipe front to back or back to front? Just say yes now and I wont have to spike your drink It's hard for me to concentrate around you because all the blood from my brain has immediately gone to my boner If I could be anything, I'd love to be your bathwater. Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married? I like my coffee like I like my women...sealed in an air tight bag in the freezer You might want to call a bomb squad, because there's going to be an explosion in your anus There's a tornado, come in my basement Hi, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you. If your feeling down, remember, I'll feel you back up I've got a knife and a penis and one of them is going inside you. (Smell a girl) I smell that you are in season... want to breed? My couch pulls out, but I don't I want to eat the flavors off your tampon I just want to be friends....with your insides Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot? Hi, I've been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and think it's time to see if I'm right. Let me spell my love for you S-T-A-L-K-E-R You have the cutest smile when you sleep GET IN THE VAN! I'm sick. My medicine is to talk to you. If you ever want to see your children again, you'll do what I want. Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you. Hi, I'm a fashion photographer. Would you like to be in my next photo shoot? If I'd follow you home, would you keep me? hey lets go have sex with monkeys and rape their corpses. I want to take your skin off and wear it as my own I have a van out the back and there is free candy in it. Excuse me, i managed to notice that every time i pass you, a monster grows inside me called bitch get in my car i just hope it doesn't escape and make me call after it ... I only thought about you once today--I just never stopped. (look at a girl's crotch then her eyes) You gonna eat that? What's the difference between a boner and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini right now I'm kind of new to this environment... can you show me the way to your apartment/house? I'm the kind of man who deserves to have women I don't deserve. I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good. I would drag my balls through 200 yards of broken glass to kiss the dick that fucked you last. (Walk by a girl, stop and go back to her)What kind of perfume are u wearing? (she will say a perfume)thats lovely, thats what a woman SHOULD smell like Shall I wait for you in my car or will the closet suffice? Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight? Was you Father an Alien? Cos honey on planet earth there's nothing else like you! You're so good lookin' I'd drink your bath water. I eat pussy, how do you like me so far? You're eyes are bluer than the atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea. You're like a dictionary - you add meaning to my life! You're so hot you melt the plastic in my underwear. OOOOOh baby u must have wished upon a star cause today is your lucky day! Do you like rainbows, cus you can taste my rainbow any time. Hey baby I wish you were the yellow pages , because i'd let my fingers spread you open Want to have sex? (person seys\'no\') *You look disappointed* oh....ok. *look up and say excitedly*...RAPE IT IS!
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, want to go out with a nice little fellow? Your eyes match your blouse perfectly. If you're here, who's running heaven? Your presence makes me feel cuddly. Where do you hide your halo? Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute Mario is Red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2. If you hold 8 roses in front of a mirror, you'd see 9 of the most beautiful things in the world! You must be Halle Berry's twin sister; the one they don't talk about because she's much more beautiful. Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you. If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer. You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea. Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight? You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes You must be star because you look beautiful from a distance. Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me to fall in love with you I think you've got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it's just a sparkle. Honey, you give new meaning to the defintion of 'edible'. Are you a camera cause every time I look at you I smile. It is easier to describe the taste of water than my feelings for you. Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are clear like the ocean? Because I can see straight into your soul. If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever. Your so cute your what people see when they die. I wish I was one of ur tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips. It's not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me. God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen; until I met you.. Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty. What time do you have to be back in heaven? Are you an interior decorator? When I saw you the room became beautiful. I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me? there are many fish in the sea but you're the only one that's caught my eye Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel? If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say I Love You Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over. Hi, my friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. I think you're absolutely gorgeous. Do you wear contacts?! (she says no...) Because your eyes are just so beautiful! (On a rainy day) I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes. Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knots. Your eyes are as blue as the ocean, and baby im lost at sea If I was your heart would you let me beat? If you had eleven roses and you looked in the morror; then you'd see twelve of the most beatiful things in the world. How does it feel? she ask's what; you say 2 be the only star in the sky Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet. There aren't enough O's in the word smooth to describe how smooth you are. May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you? Please don't go or else I will have to make a report to the cops....u stole my heart You: Can I borrow a quarter? She: why? ( if she says sure or something else get her to ask you why) You: so I can call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. (have something prepared to quickly follow through) My life is so sad and lonley (why) because your not in it If you where Monday, I'd wish every day be Monday becuse your so beautiful. Hey baby do you like a man that can carry big things because I have the biggest sweetheart Oh hello beautiful, they say, pictures speak a thousand words, I like to get to know you and maybe I could be part of your picturebook. If you know a person's name: Hi, [name]. How did you know my name? Isn't every beautiful girl named that? I'll put a tear drop in the ocean. When you find it is when I'll stop loving you. I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you
My dick just died, can I bury it in your vagina? Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! Hi, i'm a burgular... and I'm gonna smash your back door in! You can call me The Fireman....mainly because I turn the hoes on! I'm a zombie, can I eat you out? I wish you were soap so I could feel you all over me. I'm a businessman. I work in orifices, got any openings? want to go on an ate with me? I'll give you the D later. I heard you got a boyfriend, but girl don't try & pretend, like you don't want this dick all the way in. I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you. Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a weiner stand. Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual Hey do you have an inhaler? Cause you got that ass ma! I'm going to have sex with you later, so you might as well be there! They're called eyebrows cus my eyes are browsin your fine ass Babe, are you an elevator? Because i want to go down on you. Roses or daises? Now I know what flowers to put on your casket when I murder that pussy. If you were a washing machine, I would put my dirty load inside you. I heard your grades are bad.....I'm sure this D won't hurt. Is your name Tanya? because I'm gonna tan ya ass. You run track?, cause I heard you relay want this dick. Are you a racehorse? Cause when I ride you'll always finish first. Are u a flight attendant? because u gonna be plane wth this dick soon. The last woman I was with said, Kiss me where it stinks. So, I drove her to New Jersey. I heard you like Magic, well bend over and watch my dick disappear Your so hot I'd jack your dad off just to see where you came from. I blame your perfect breasts for my inability to focus during our conversations. Can I park my car in your garage? It's pretty big, but it doesn't leak. Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you want to be rolling in the D. Well spread my cheeks and call me cell bitch;' you're prettier than anyone I ever met in the joint! Do you like to draw? (yeah why?) Cause I put the D in Raw Has any one ever told you your ass looks like a phone cause I want to hit the pound button all day long. I have a tongue like an anteater; want to go to the zoo? What do you call a penguin with a large penis? An icebreaker. I know you haven't been studying, You must want the D Baby your bone structure is giving my bone structure. Hey people call me the bar stool because of my third leg Do you like tapes and CDs? (I guess) Good, 'cause Imma tape this dick to your forehead so you CDs nuts Are you going to that funeral? (What Funeral) The one where MY BALLZ drop dead in your mouth I'm not a dick in real life, but I'll play one in your vagina tonight! Your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen it up? I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't cum in 30 minutes, the next one is free. Does your pussy smell like fish because I like sushi Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory. Hey, is that a keg in your pants? Cause I'd sure love to tap THAT ass! I'll kiss you in the rain, so you get twice as wet. I'm not skinny, I'm ribbed for your her pleasure Your beauty is why God invented eye balls, your booty is why God invented my balls. I'd hide every chair in the world just so you'd have to sit on my face. Are you a raisin? because your a raisin my dick. I would tell you a joke about my penis....buts its too long ;) I forgot my blow job at your house, can i come over and get it? My magical watch says you're not wearing any panties...oh, you are? Damn, it must be an hour fast... I may not have gotten your virginity, but can I at least have the box it came in? I'm a Gemini. What's your sign.... Fire Down Below? If you were an elevator, what button would I have to push to get you to go down? Do you like Imagine Dragons? Well Imagine Dragon my balls across your face. What if I start this relationship with you as a frien. Will you allow me to give you the 'D' later? This Dick a rental car company.....It Hertz We should play strip poker. You can strip, and I'll poke you. They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs. Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood. How about later tonight, you let me slip into something a little more comfortable... Like your vagina. You know what cums after C....The D! I'm going to make you breakfast...Omellete you suck this dick. I've got a big one, you want to see how hard it works? Hey, have you met my friend Dick? He is real tall. I like my women, like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers Girl, your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal! You can touch mine if I can touch yours with mine. I lost my pants, do you mind if I wrap your legs around me instead? Do you like Alphabet soup...Cause you gonna be choking on the D Hey baby, what's your sign? Caution, Slippery When Wet, Dangerous Curves ahead, Yield? I'm no rooster, but watch what this cock-a-do-to-you Do you have pet insurance? No?.... Cause I'm going destroy your pussy. Do you like cherries? If not can I have yours? I'd treat you like a snow storm. Give you six to eight inches and make it mildly inconvenient for you to move in the morning. Do you like Kids?, cause I'm about to make your mouth a daycare If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put my dick in your ass! I would call Heaven and tell them an angel was missing, but I'm kinda hoping you're a slut! Roses are red, violets are blue, we're having sex, cause I'm stronger than you I hope you have a sewing machine, cause im gonna tear dat ass up Are you an architect?, cause I want you on staff for my next erection. My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead? Hey baby, I'm kind of cold, Can I use your thighs as earmuffs? You might not be a Bulls fan.. But I know you felt it when this D Rose. If I was a robot and you were one too, If I lost a bolt would you give me a screw? want to Job? It Blows! The names Dick, can I put it in you? Yeah. I'm an asshole, but will that stop me from gettinggg in yours? Hey, lets play farmer, You be the farmland, I'll plant the seed. I hope your a plumber, cause you got my pipe leaking. I think my allergies are acting up. because everytime your around my dick swells up. want to see my third leg? Walk up to a female and look at her crotch then look at her face back to crotch to face and say Are you gonna eat that? Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear. Hey! tell your nipples to stop staring at my eyes. Gurl, you make me want to dive in the sea..... dat pus-sea. My penis is like a dictonary want me to blow your mind? I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass! So, what are the chances of my balls slappin' your ass tonight? Are you my Co-Pilot, cause I'ma take you to the cockpit. Those boobs look very heavy... can I hold them for you? Hey since I lifted your spirits, how about you lift up your shirt. Lets play circus, first sit on my face i'll guess ur weight and i'll eat the difference Do you like chocolate, cause your gonna choke alot on this dick Are you constipated? Cause I want to fuck the shit out of you. How about you get on your knees and smile like a donut! That dress would look great on my bedroom floor! You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night. Is it your birthday?, because icing isn't the only thing I'll be smearing all over face your face tonight. I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot. Are you fertilizer, cause you just made me grow 6 inches. Do you like warm weather? Cause I'm gonna put my warm balls on your face weather you like it or not Come here or my dick will start CUMING for you! You need something to shut that big mouth of yours! Hey good lookin', whatcha got cookin'? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina! What's the biggest moving musle in a womens body. My cock! You Need Directions?...Well First you gotta take this D-tour. Some men go around telling women they have an eight inch penis; I'd never shortchange myself like that! I'm bigger and better than the Titanic ... only 200 woman went down on the Titanic Do you like Krispy Kreme, cause I'm gonna glaze your donut. Lets play house...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want! You don't want to have sex on your period? I don't mind a little ketchup on the hot dog as long as the bun is tight. The word for tonight is legs. Let's go back to my place and spread the word? Do you like Jalapenos?...Because in a minute imma be jalapeno pussy. Want to see my hard drive? It ain't 3.5 inches, and it ain't floppy! Why pay $5 when you can't get this footling for free Do you handle chickens because you look like you'd be good with cocks Do you have rubbers at your house or should I pull out? Gurl, is your ass a library book?, cause I can't stop checking it out. If I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put my name first so you could memorize what to moan later on tonight Are you a Jehovah's Witness? Cause I'm about to bend Jehovah and let you witness this dick. I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bed rock! Do you want to meet me in the park? Cause I want to park my meat in you. First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button. Baby!! My love for you is like Diarrhea. It just keeps coming out Do you use an inhaler? Cause you got assssss ma. My guitar teacher says my fingering is good, especially on the G-string So, you're not into casual sex? Fine, I'll put on a tux and we can call it formal sex. Lie down on that couch and pretend your legs hate each other. Do you like duck meat? Then duck down here and get some meat. Having sex is a lot like golf. I'm always happy when I get a hole in one. You got the three things that I want in a woman, Big nips hips and lips. Do you have a composition notebook? Cause you can come position yourself on my face. Do you like dragons? Cause in a minute I'll be dragon my balls across your face I may not have gotten your virginity, but can I at least have the box it came in? Your pants remind me of Vegas.... The kinda place I go to blow my Wad. How much does your clothes cost? (Woman says Why do you want to know?) Cause I`ll need to know how much to pay you back after I rip them off.! I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior; I see something big and pink. want to make like scarface and say hello to my little friend Bring a teabag and screw in your pocket....go to the bar hold up the teabag and screw and ask if she wants to teabag or screw... Hi! can i stir your drink, mind if i use my dick? Are you a cowgirl cause I can see you riding me Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore....my face should be among them. Hey baby, want to play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat. As long as you need a place to sit, you'll always have my face. Legs like that should be wrapped around my neck. They call me the Delivery Man, cause I always come in the back door Beauty is only skin deep; a huge cock goes much deeper. want to play Tic-Tac-Toe?, I'll shove a tic tac up your pussy and try to give you 3 O's in a row. My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. want to give it some mouth-to-mouth? Do you cum here, often? My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild. want to do something that rhymes with truck? Have this flower before I take yours Your Ass Looks Nice, does it need servicing cause I got a wrench and some screws just for you. Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken wing? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out! My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass? Guess what?! I've got an 8 tounge and I can breath out of my ears! Hey baby, you like Glazed or creme filled? Do you know Phillis Brown? Cause in a minute you gonna phil-this brown dick Is Pussy Lips one word? Cause I'm gonna spread them tonight Do you like Sea World, because your about to be in my splash zone Do you have a boyfriend? (Yes) Do you mess around? (No) Would you hold still while I do? Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls. Have you ever bought a vibrator? (No.) Do you want to rent one? Are you cold? Would you like a jacket? Because you can jack it when we get back to my place I call my dick the truth because bitches can't handle it Were you conceived on a sofa? Cause you are sofacking fine. Let's play breathalyzer! You blow me as hard as you can, and I will tell you how drunk you are! You are so beautiful that I want to be reincarnated as your child so that I can breastfeed by you until I'm 5. Since we shouldn't waste things in this bad economy, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire. Excuse me, My name is Ben Dover (bend over). Would you like to meet my friend Master Bates (masturbates)? Or should I do it for you? (Looking at a girls ass) Where does this bus go anyway? You know I live a Magnum Lifestyle I must be lost. I thought paradise was further south? Do you like yoga? Cause yoganna love this dick I like being able to breathe but I wouldn't mind having that ass-thma Hey girl do you want to dance cos you make my testicals do the macarena Liquor is not the only hard thing around here. Hey baby, i was wondering if you got enough sun today because I am trying to give you some vitamin D! If your ass was snow, I'd plow it. Come in the house and take off ur coat, open ur mouth and let me coat the back of that throat! I dont care that u used to be fat, just come here and let me eat that cat! Hey, do you work on cars? because my shaft is needing fixing. I'm studying to be a Taxidermist. Can I practice stuffing your pussy? The club ends at 2, I gotta go to work at 8 lets go back to your place so you can get that pussy ate Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (pull your pockets inside out) Would you like to? Is your dad a carnie (carnival worker) Because I want you sit to on my face while I try to guess your weight. Boy: Spell Me Girl: M E Boy: You forgot the D Girl: There is no D in me. Boy: Not yet there isn't. Boy: Do you want to be my SLUT? Girl: WHAT! Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for? Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing
Pick up lines to say at a bar ( not just for a doctor ) Stand back, I'm a doctor. You go get an ambulance, I'll loosen her clothes. If you need a love doctor, I have like a medicated degree. Are you a doctor? Cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction. They don't call me Bones because I'm a doctor. Hey girl you look good with a tube in your mouth want to try something else in my room. Can I take your temperature? Because you're looking hot today. I'm like a doctor, actually an orthodontist, I'm gonna have to ask you to, ya know, uh take off your clothes Playing doctor is for kids...let's play gynecologist! Pick-up lines to say to a cute doctor want to play 'Doctor', Doctor? I don't want to go all Freudian on you, but cute doctors pull strong feelings from me because they're a safe target for feelings I originally had for my parents. I'd like to find another doctor. Why? Because I've got a crush on you. Would you like to grab lunch sometime? My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus. How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy? Are you my appendix? Cause I have a gut feeling I should take you out. No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you. I am an organ donor, need anything? My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you. I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart. (Hold out a stethoscope) Why don't you listen to your heart and go out with me? Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat. When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma. Doctor To Patients Pick Up Lines Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days. (Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don't we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam? Come into my office and take off your pants.
I'm against animal cruelty, so don't hurt my monkey, please stroke it gently want to take a shower with me to conserve water? When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising... Will you help me find my puppy, I think he went into that Eco-friendly Hotel across the street Cars Pollute, so can I pick you up on my electric scooter Your so hot you must've started all of globle warming Turning off your Engine, gets my motor humming Are all your appliances energy efficient? Because when I saw you the room became more environmentally friendly! Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love! Is your name Methane or Carbon Dioxide? Cause you're making my world hot as hell! I don't drive a car, but I'd love to walk you home! Turning off the Lights, is one of my Turn On's What time do you get off work? Let's carpool it back to my place I love T&A, Trees and Air Quality You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you. Your ass must be a maple tree, cause I'd tap that. Hey babe, Are you a tree hugger? because You're about to get some wood. I bet nature stops and looks in awe at you. Are you an animal activist? Because you can keep a chicken from being choked by coming home with me. If I had a SolarCoin for everytime I thought of you, I'd be the riches man alive. Oh sorry to brush up against you with my Hemp shirt, or am I? Fair Trade Coffee, Organic Tea or Me Save water. Shower in my cum... If I wrote you a protest song, would you sing it with me? Your legs must be tired, from passing out flyers for Green Peace, sit on my lap! I just got dumped, would you recycle me into your boyfriend I bet your Dad is an Environmentalist, because you are so eco-friendly You eyes are as bright as energy saving halogen light bulbs, would you light up my life? You blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!
There's a easter parade in my pants...want to go? Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass? I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised! You're not Jewish, are you? I contributed some fur to Letterman's hairpiece Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour? I'm being managed by Don King again I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips Ever get it on with a rodent? My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky I'm in the mood to multiply
I'm down here Hey baby, want to find out why my friends call me tripod? Just because I've got bells on my shoes doesn't mean I'm a sissy I was once a lawn ornament for John Bon Jovi I can get you off the naughty list I have certain needs that can't be satisfied by working on toys I'm a magical being. Take off your bra. No, no. I don't bake cookies. You're thinking of those dorks over at Keebler I get a thimbleful of tequila in me and I turn into a wild man You'd look great in a Raggedy Ann wig I can eat my weight in cocktail wieners
Hey you look hawainn..want to lay me? Are you Jamaican cause your Jamakin me crazy! (To a Hispanic girl) Kiss me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Guadalupe? (To hispanic girls) Are you from Cuba? because Havana fuck you Are you GREEK [IF NO] Are you SURE CAUSE you LOOK LIKE A GODDESS TO ME Are you African? Because African love you! Hey baby, I hear you having trouble with your African American studies. What do you say we head back to my place and let freedom ring. (If Italian) Baby do you like Italian food? (if yes) then come back to my place and Ill let you try the sausage. (To Italian) Are you Italian? Venice the day I can go out with you? (To Greek) Are you from Athens? Cause you are hot like Greek fire. (If Black) I'm like chocolate pudding, I may not look that good but I taste great (If Black) Are you from Africa? Cause I want to know Kenya suck this dick? I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink? I'd swim to Hawaii to be laid by you. I love your accent, I could listen to it all day Was your daddy a leprechaun, cause Irish you were naked. I want to know Kenya suck this dick Are you from Denmark? Because Imma going to screw you denmark my sauce on your face You got any (your nationality) in you... you want some (A White guy to a black girl) Did you just step out of Jet magazine because your the beauty of the week (A White guy to a black girl) Are you from Africa? (Why?) Cause African (I fricken) love you! (A White guy to a black girl) Are you from Africa? (Why?) Because I like Djibouti! (To Asian girl) Are you from Tokyo? (Yeah Why?) Because I want to get in Japanies (your panties) (To Asian girl) Are you from China? (Why?) Because I'm China get on you (To Asian girl) Are you from the Thailand, cause tonight your going to BangKok (To Asian girl) Are you from the Philippines? Because I want to Phil you with my penis. (A White guy to a black girl) Have you ever considered having an interracial relationship? I may be white from the waist up, but I'm black from the waist down. (A black guy to a white girl) I wish I was 50 cent so I could take you to the candy shop! (A black guy to a white girl)Girl you are the cream, I am the chocolate let's make a sundae (A black guy to a white girl) I'm like chocolate pudding, I may not look that good but I taste great (A black guy to a white girl)So, what's your favorite thing about black cock? (A black guy/girl to a white guy/girl)do you need help with your african studies cause we can go to your house and make freedom ring. (Any guy to Islamic girl) Are you from Iraq? Cos I'd love to see you Baghdad ass up (To a hispanic girl) Is your name Sabado? Cause that ass is Gigante (An Islamic guy to anyone not Arabic) When Allah made you he was just showing off. Once you go black...your going to need a wheelchair Girl are you from Greece, cause I know yo pussy be greasy (Asian guy to white girl) I'm not asian but I'll still eat your cat (To any Jewish girl) Are you Jewish? Cause you Israeli hot! (To any Jewish girl) Are you Jewish? Cause I want to bang Jew. (If European) Are you Russian, cause imma gonna be Russian this D up your ass (If European) Are you from amsterdam, cause damnn your hot (If Muslim) Are you from Egypt? Because when I'm done with you, you'll be in de Nile (If Muslim) Are you from the Middle East, cause this dick Isreal (To a mormon girl) Are you Mormon, cause Judah prettiest girl here! (If Italian) Baby do you like Italian food? (if yes) then come back to my place and Ill let you try the sausage. (White person to Black Person) Go up to a black person and ask them what their favorite comedy was..after they answer say Oh mine is Roots! (To a black girl) Are you Halle Berry?(girl:no!) well then you have to besome kinda of movie star
Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off. Do you work for Domino's? because you a fine pizza ass. Are you from Korea? Because you could be my Seoul mate. Boy: There are 20 letters in the alphabet right? Hi, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual. Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more You still use Internet Explorer?, you must like it nice and slow. You smell like trash..... Can I take you out? Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number? I thought Happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U? Mami you on fire...Le'me be the wind and make you even hotter. Which is easier? You gettinggg into those tight jeans or me gettinggg you out of them? Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you. Hi, can I get your baseball jersey? (What?) You know your name and number! Hey can I follow you home? (What?) Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams. Do You Like Nintendo? because Wii Would Look Good Together. Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin? Boy: Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates..... Girl: Why? Boy: Cause I want to take your top off. Boy: There are 20 letters in the alphabet right? Girl: (26, I think) Boy: I must have forgotten U R A Q T Girl: (Your still missing one) Boy: I'll give you the D later Boy: How does it feel? Girl: What do you mean? Boy: To be the only star in the sky Boy: Nickel for your thoughts Girl: I thought it was a penny Boy: I think your thoughts are worth more Boy: Are your parents bakers? Girl: Why? Boy: Cause they sure made you a cutie pie! Boy: Girl, whats your number? Girl: I have a boyfriend Boy: I have a math test Girl: What? Boy: Aren't we talking about things we cheat on? Boy: Will you read my palm? Girl: I don't see anything Boy: I didn't expect you to because love is blind. Boy: Have you ever been fishing before? Girl: Why? Boy: Because I think we should hook up! Boy: Holy Shit (while looking at her) Girl What? Boy: Someone spilled gorgeous all over you! Boy: Do you want to be my SLUT? Girl: WHAT! Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for? Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing Boy: Oh my god it smells like upsexy in here Girl: Whats up sexy? Boy: Oh nothing much, you? Boy: So you going to be a butterfly all night? Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: You know, pretty to see but hard to catch! Boy: Hi, I'm going to have to ask you to leave! Girl: (Why?) Boy: The sign says NO SMOKING....and you are definitely SMOKIN! Boy: Lets play Firetruck, I run my fingers up your legs and you say red light to stop. Girl: Red Light! Boy: Fire trucks don't stop for red lights! Boy: Have you been watching me? Girl: Why Boy: Because I wanted you to fall for my smile as hard as I fell for you! Boy: Do you play volleyball? Girl: (Yeah, why?) Boy: Because you look like your good on your knees! Boy: Hi, is your name Google? Girl: (No, Why?) Boy: Because you have everything I'm looking for! Flirty Rejections Boy: I'd really like to get into your pants. Girl:  No thanks. There's already one asshole in there! Boy: Can you tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes? Girl: How about, you tell your boxers it's rude to point! Boy: Hey baby, what's your sign? Girl: Do Not Enter! Boy: Hi, my name is Milk. I'll do your body good. Girl: Sorry, I'm Lactose intolerant! Boy: What are you doing later? Girl: Not You! Boy: You know unlike all these other guys, I can make you really happy Girl: Why are you leaving? Boy: What's its gonna take for you to come home with me? Girl: Chloroform!
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off. Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple. You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast. I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking? Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner! Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey. Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? because Ur Hot And I'm Ready. You must work at subway...cause you`re givin` me a foot long. I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day. You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly. Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand. Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I want to stuff your crust. Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls. Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you! You're like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts. Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda. Life would be feta if we were togetha. We'll be grate. I always read the Menu, because there is always me and you How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce? If only I were that wine you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you. Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC! Boy if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber Are you going to the BBQ (What BBQ?) My meat in your grill Gurl, you should sell hot dogs. Because you already know how to make a weiner stand. Your so fine, I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast. I'm going to make you breakfast...Omellete you suck this dick. Girl your a peach, and I could eat a peach for hours It is easier to describe the taste of water than my feelings for you. Take me to Papa John's, because this is love at 425 degrees. Are you a raisin? cus your a raisin my dick. I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way. Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous. I know I'm not on your grocery list but I'm checking you out. Are you a meal at mcdonalds? If you were you would be a mchottie Are you an Ice Cream? Because I'm gonna taste you. Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now? Let me be a chicken nugget. and take a dip in yo sauce. Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life Did you just come from KFC, cause your have thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick. Can I double stuff your Oreo? Do you like Kelloggs? (yes) want to frost my flakes? Baby I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco but, I sure will spice up your night. Are you McDonalds? 'Cause you're going straight to my thighs. Do you drink tea often because I need a tea bag. Do you like seafood? want to taste of these muscles? Gurl, your thicker than a bowl of oatmeal. I must be allergic to nuts, but there's no way you are. I bet your Sugar, and spice and everything nice. I heard you like Tofu, Me too but only with a ck at the end. If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed? Do you like Jalapenos?...Because in a minute imma be jalapeno pu**y. Can I have a waffle cone, and 2 scoops of you. If you were a potato I would totally mash you I don't know much about pies but DAMN you make my banana cream. Are you a hamburger pattie cause dat ass is juicy. I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans I like my women like I like my doughnuts... HOT and HOLY! Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! Do you like Alphabet soup...Cause you gonna be choking on the D Damn girl, you sure know how to farm! Cause' you are growing my stalk! Do you like Wendy's.. Cause your going to love wendys balls slap against yo face Do you like Hibachi?, Hibachi drop them panties and get on deez nutz Are you a donut because I'd just love to eat your hole. I'm not good at cooking, so lets go out sometime! Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte. Are you a burger because i'd slap those buns. Do you like milk? Cause you have it around your lips Can I reheat my egg roll in your microwave? Do you like BBQs, cause I'm gunna slap my meat across your grill Do you have any raisins? (no...) How about a date? So do you like stawberries or blueberries? [choose one] cause i need to know what kind of pancakes to order you in the morning. You want mexican food tonite? 'cause I want to eat your taco You remind me of fast food because I want to take you out, and then eat you in my car. Your legs are like peanut butter, smooth creamy and easy to spread. Hey baby, do you want to get lunch or do you want to be lunch? Do you like chocolate, cause your gonna choke alot on this dick Are you a In-n-Out burger joint ? Because I'll eat you In-n-Out If your lips are vodka, then I want to get wasted. Oh are you cravin Pizza, cause I'll gladly give you a pizz a this dick They call me Dr. Grape...The G is silent Baby I love you like a fat man loves pie! Do you like Bacon? want to strip? If sexy were an Oreo. you would be double stuffed Do you like Smores?, well how about s'more of this dick up you a** I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade. My gender is pizza, because everybody wants a slice of me. Girl your like a candy bar half nuts n half sweet! Can you pass the coffee and sugar becaue you just made me cream in my pants Here let me lick the honey off those buns!! Do you like pudding? Cause in a minute I'll be pudding this dick in yo mouth If you were a steak you would be well done. Do you like Cool Whip, cause its gonna be Cool to whip this dick in yo face Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste u Now And Later Baby Your The Meat And In The Meat Tenderiser, Your About To Get Pounded. Hey baby lets play a fruity game... I pop your cherry with my banana Baby you are the jam in my jelly roll. If it's true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning! Your legs are like an Oreo cookie, I want to spread them and eat the good stuff in the middle. Hey ,they call me coffee cause I grind so fine You eat Ramen Noodles, well I'll be Ramen my noodle in you later Do you like Wendys? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendys nuts slide across your face. I heard you like Assorted Nuts, well sit back as I sort these nuts in yo mouth I want to open your bread basket and eat a BOLOGNA sandwich. I'll treat you like my milk, girl, I will spoil you. Have you ever stuck a hot dog through a donut? Do you want to? Would you like to come back to my place and eat cereal and watch cartoons? Your a smart cookie can I eat you? I might not be 8 inches but this banana is still worth peeling. Hey baby can I fry my steak in your hot sizzling grill? Do you want fries with that shake! Hershey factories make millions of kisses a day, but I'm asking for only one. Do you know the difference between a hamburger and a blow job? No! D'ya want to do lunch? Hey you thirsty, cause I can give you the Sunny-D I like my women, like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers I have a bunch of Klondike bars back at my place. You're like a Pringles. Once I pop you, I can't stop you! Baby Drop That Chicken Dinner And Get With A Winner.. (Guy) My name is Hostess...Because I have the cream filling I'm a stud muffin baby, why don't you take a bite? Are you a pancake? Because your flipping sexy. If your left leg was breakfast and your right leg was lunch, I wouldn't be able to resist snacking between meals. Do you like cherries? If not can I have yours? I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free. Hey, you have a lovely bunch of coconuts. Are you the Hostess? Cause I want you to suck my Twinkie. Do you like Krispy Kreme, cause I'm gonna glaze your donut. They say apples don't fall far from the tree, so that must mean your mom's hot too (If Italian) Baby do you like Italian food? (if yes) then come back to my place and Ill let you try the sausage. I'm like chocolate pudding, I may not look that good but I taste great You must be Jelly, cause jam don't shake like that. I'll have the chicken breast hold the chicken. I'd take you to the bakery but theres nothing sweeter than you Do you like hot dogs girl? cause I'd put my weiner between those buns Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late! Your like 7 11 everyone gets a slurp and i think its my turn Are you a banana? 'Cause you're so apPEELing You can call me Taco Truck, cause I'm big and always looking for a parking spot. Are you a frito cause your really corny Damn girl! have you been eating Lucky Charms?(why?) because you`re looking magically delicious! want to see how my cookie crumbles? Damn baby is your body from McDonalds?(No Why?) Because I'm Lovin' It I want to butter your toast and eat you for breakfast. I'm German, do you want to see my weinerschnitzel? Do you like meat? Cause you'll be eating some tonight. Honey, are you a coffee? 'Cause you wake up my senses. Do you want to make a burger? I'll bring the beef, you bring the buns. You look so good, I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit! You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae. Hey I don't work at Subway, but I bet you can handle my foot long. Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back? I have something for you that is big, hard, and has cum in it. (pull out a cucumber) Girl......you are like a tall glass of water. And im telling youuuu str8 up im thirsty. I heard you like DIM SUM, well you gonna take this dick and DIM SUM more. How do you like your eggs cooked? Why? Well I just wanted know what to make for you in the morning! How do you like you eggs in the morning? scrambled or fertilized! Do you know the difference between a hamburger and a blow job? No! Well in that case, D'ya want to do lunch? Come on baby, sex is like pizza: Even if it's bad, it's still pretty good. Is your daddy Tony The Tiger (Frosted Flakes) because you look gggggreat Do like meat and ass? Can i stick my meat in ur ass Hey babe, how about a pizza and some sex? [Slap] HEY! What's wrong, you don't like pizza? Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you? Do you like hamburgers? because i'll go in-n-out of you!
Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. That shirt is becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too. My beaver is bored and wants to play, do you have any wood for my beaver today I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you. What's a nice guy like you doing with a body like that? Would you like to go to wonderland...... Him/Yeah! Can I be alice and you the mad hatter? You touch his shirt and ask, Is this cotton? Wait for response. Then touch down in the crotch area and say, Oh, this must be felt. Do you sleep on your stomach? Him: NO... You: Can I? Hey baby...I can suck a golf ball thru 50 feet of garden hose? If I was in the army, I would blow you away Do you eat tacos? (yes, why?) Because my Taco Bell is open I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free. Put a dollar bill on your head and when he asks what you did that for tell him its all you can eat for under a dollar Are you a burger because you can be the meat between my buns I'm French Horny for your tromboner. I'm not Rapunzel, but I'll still let you pull my hair. If a guy asks you have you got the time? answer  if you got the energy. I'm wearing Revlon Colorstay Lipstick, want to help me test the claim that it won't kiss off?. Walk up to a guy bend down in front of him and say do these look real? I know you think im sexy, I know you think im fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away! I'll be your drum...you can beat me all night long! Hey baby...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch? I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right! If you were a pole I would dance all over you. Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime. Are my undies showing? [No.] Would you like them to? Hey in my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people can I practice on you? Girl:want to have a good time Guy:sure Girl:for you its free
Girl, your so hot my zipper is falling for you! (make her look) I grew up during the sixties, with the peace and love generation. If I can't get some love, I'd like to get a piece. On my last date, we played strip poker. We stripped, and I poked her. I just got out of Leavenworth. Can I steal you a drink? How about a BMW? Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair. Girl, you Make Curves Great Again. So we're friends now, when do the benefits kick in? I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list? Keep calm and take your pants off. If your feeling down, can I feel you up? I'm not staring at your boobs, I'm staring at your heart. Hey Baby, I just paid off this mustache, want to take it for a ride? Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me Gurl, I'd fake blindness just to touch you inappropriately. How about you and I go into that darkroom over there and see what develops I must be allergic to nuts, but there's no way you are. Smile if you want to sleep with me. (And watch them try to hold back their laugh.) You see that door over there? Let's go out. You don't need a bodyguard, you need a 'bootyguard' You can call me Enterprise...because I'm here to pick you up. Use index finger to call someone over then say, I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand. I know hello in 6 different languages, which one do you want me to tell you tomorrow? Go up to a someone at a bar or a dance and ask her: Do you want a fuck... (wait for a second for her reaction)...ing drink? What do you do for a living? I'm a proctologist; the sign on my office door says park in rear.' Are you an alien? because you just abducted my heart. Are you a angel? cause I'm allergic to feathers * fake sneeze * I want to run my Hot Wheel around everyone of your curves! I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass! You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they'd be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button. You baby gimme your number before I don't want it no more Are you Stacey's mom? Cause, you've got it going on. Roses are Red, Violets are Plants, what are you wearing, under your pants. Mami you on fire...Le'me be the wind and make you even hotter. I heard there is a yard sale back at your house, so lets get you out of those old clothes. Your eyes are as brown as the Hudson river I'm hot, can I take your pants off. You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name? I find your lack of nudity disturbing You remind me of my appendix. I don't know you, but something inside me is saying I should take you out. It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle. Hey did you drop something? (Ummm What?) Your standards, Hi I'm Nick Hi, Can I domesticate you? Do you have a New Year's Resolution? I'm looking at mine right now. Let's ring in the New Year with a bang! You must work in a library because you just increased my circulation! Well if I were a painter, I'd put you down in paint. I'd hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame. Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you? Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda. Life would be feta if we were togetha. We'll be grate. I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship? Hey babe, are you an angel? Cause I'm allergic to feathers. Do you know Karate, cause I don't want you to kick me when I grab your ass. Your like my false teeth, I can't smile without you. I ain't no hipster, but I can make your hips stir. Girl are you my new Phone? Cause I can't stop staring at you in public. Hey baby, are you an angel? Because I'm allergic to feathers. (Aaaaachoooo.) Do you have a map, because I want to find my way into your pants. Are you a magician? Because your making my penis levitate. Hey, my name's [insert your name here] and I can disappoint you in ways you've never imagined. Are those space pants? Because your ass is taking up a lot of room. If I were a tractor and you were a plow, I would definitely hook up with you. Didn't I see you in Girls Gone Wild? If I'm a pain in your ass, then we can just add more lubricant. Just say yes now and I won't have to spike your drink. Hey Girl If you were a book then I wouldn't be able to read you, cause your print is so fine. Are you the dub to my step? cause' I wub wub wub you Just call me baby, cause I want to be inside you for the next 9 months Hey since I lifted your spirits, how about you lift up your shirt. I laugh at things I'm attracted to, what about you? One, two, three, four, I declare a tongue war. Hickory Dickery Dock, it's time to suck my cock. Girl your backside must be a cannon cause that ass is banging Do you like pirates? Cause I got a lot of seamen that want to meet ya. Yaharrrr You look much more attractive in person than you do through my telescope. I'm like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet. 90% of my game is corny pick up lines and the other 10 is awkward stares I might not be Mormon, but I'm MoreMan that you've ever seen. I'm French Horny for your tromboner. My boys over there bet that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the room. Want to buy some drinks with their money? I am a love pirate. I like your boooty arrrgh You don't have to wait until midnight to see my balls drop. Girl are you a bong because I would hit that. Roses are Red, Violets are blue, give me some head while I'm taking a poo. Are you a drug, cause I marijuana take you home with me tonight. How about your red phosphorus coating and my short stick get together? because its obvious we're a match. I love you with all my butt, I would say heart, but my butt is bigger. Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you. Are you a pirate? No, then where did you get all that booty? Your belly button is in the wrong place! It should be on top on mine! Are you stalking me? Because that would be super. You don't want to have sex on your period? I don't mind a little ketchup on the hot dog as long as the bun is tight. Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain. I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow? Are you a thrift shop? because yo tags aren't the only thing I'll be popping. How about I teach you about firefighting by letting you slide down my pole Nice pants, can I test the zipper? You are young and fun-loving, that gives you 10 points. Then you are blonde, that gives you five points. At 20 points you get my phone number. You look a bit tired. gettinggg laid would do wonders for your complexion. Did you get those pants on sale? (Why?) Because at my house they would be 100% off! I call my dick Notorious, cause it's B.I.G. I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking? Hi, I'm a birdwatcher and I'm looking for a Big-Breasted Bed thrasher, Do you know where i can find one? It's a celebration bitches! Now show Rick James your titi's! Do you believe in the hereafter? Well, then I guess you know what I'm here after. Hi, I was looking for a new friend and my boxers pointed at you. Is your name Rapunzel, cause I need a girl who never leaves the bedroom and constantly wants me to pull her hair. Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too. Yo must be scissors, cause your looking sharp. (Girl coming out of a bar): Hi, I think I am gonna be the last guy to ask for your phone number today. I'm like a celebrity going to a party, I always make a big entrance and I never cum early. Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (pull your pockets inside out) Would you like to? Hell yeah I'm a dick...I'm addicted to you. Someone farted. Let's get out of here. I heard you like bonfires, well I'll supply the wood. I'll be wiz khalifa and you can be my joint. Hey are you a window cause I can see right through them clothes. My wife doesn't understand me. You remind me of my little toe! (Why, is it because I'm small and cute?) Nope, because I'm probably going to bang you on my coffee table when I'm drunk. Your dad must not have a penis. He's got a paintbrush! Girl, you know you can't resist....cankles like these. Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, ASentenceWithoutSpaces. If you were a Pirate would your parrot be on this sholder (hand on closer sholder) or this sholder? (arm around her with hand on other sholder) Are you here alone, or will someone have to retain your affections over my dead body? Is your name Betty Crocker, cause your always making me rise. I hear you like Bolts, well let me teach you how to screw You've stolen my heart away. Luckily, I've got another three or four in the freezer. Excuse me, I'm looking for a friend...do you want to be my friend? Hey you looking for a stud in your life? Cause I got the STD all I need is U You want to go skinny dipping... in my water bed? Would you like to come back to my place and eat cereal and watch cartoons? Are you a drum? cause i'd bang you I want to tell you your fortune. Take her hand and write your phone number on it. There's your future. Do you like to bake? (Yes.) I'd love to feel your hot-cross buns. Do you know the best way to stop back pain and lose 20 pounds? Get a penis reduction; it worked for me! Is your dad a lumber jack because every time I look at you i get a wood in my pants. I am conducting a field test of how many woman have pierced nipples. Sex is a killer...want to die happy? Call me a pirate and give me that booty Are you an architect? Because you just erected a monument in my pants. Good news, the test results are negative! Hey! tell your nipples to stop staring at my eyes. You want to see a donkey show? Hey, somebody farted. Let's get out of here. Those are nice legs. do they come over easy? I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn. Boy: Babe, you want to play a game? Girl: What game? Boy: Not hide n seek! Girl:Why? Boy: Because its impossible to find a girl like you! Did you sleep in a garbage can last night? Because you are looking trashy! I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh! I want to put my thingy into your thingy. Is your dad a donkey? Cause you have a great ass! If your were a stamp, I'd lick your backside and send you to funkytown. I'm lookin' for a girl like my mother. She knew her place. But in a good way. Hey babe would you come with me to the bakery because I want a cutie pie like you! If you were a drug, I would overdose! Baby I last longer than a white crayon. My name is Khan, please sit and entertain me. Nothing lasts forever... Can you be my nothing? I got arrested the other day. [For what?] For having two guns and a six pack. You know, sometimes it's nice flirting with your eyes accross the room for hours. But today ain't one of those times. Now what's your name? Did you just fart? Shes says (No) Well you just blew me away! Do you have Diabetes? Cause your the sweetest girl I have ever met. I need a dollar but I only have 90 cents...... do you want to be my dime? Do your parents compose classical music? Cause baby got Bach! I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice Hey do you want to be on top of the world? If so can I be your world? I have a dirty weekend planned. Do you know what I'm going to do? Three loads of laundry. My favorite singer is Mick Jagger. He can't get no satisfaction, and neither can I. Want to help me change that? Did I tell you I'm filthy rich and my mother's dead? I have the I, I have the L, I have the O, I have the V, I have the E, so, can I have U? I advise you to surrender immediately, or I'll have to use a pick up line. Excuse me, My name is Ben Dover (bend over). Would you like to meet my friend Master Bates (masturbates)? Or should I do it for you? I haven't seen my ex-wife for over ten years. Nobody else has either; I'll never tell. If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing? If you come home with me, we can do whatever we want.... as long as we don't wake up my mom. Roses are Red Violets are Blue, How about I put this D inside of you If you were one of the three little pigs and I was the big bad wolf, instead of blowing your house down I would blow you kisses. People say I remind them of a cute teddy bear; I weigh 300 pounds, I'm really hairy, and I sleep all winter. People keep telling me that I'm overweight. Just because I buy my underwear in the extra-large equator size doesn't mean I'm overweight  does it? Would you like a gin and platonic or a Scotch and sofa? Are you a candle ? (if no) Good because I'd get real sad once that fire goes out. (if yes) I want to drip my wick on you. If I was an artist, you would be my picture! If I was a poet, you would be my inspiration! If I was an author you would be my story! But I?m only a cartoonist!
Winterfell, but I'll keep you up all night. The real Kingslayer is in my pants. Did You Know, my penis is made of Valyrian steel. Girl, if you looked anymore like Emilia Clarke, I would be dragon my balls across your face. Let's get Stark naked! I'm Dothraki, I only know how to do it one way. If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you. I may be an Imp, but I never go limp. I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you. Winter isn't the only thing thats coming. I heard you like Magic, well bend over and watch my dick disappear. Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! Let's do it on the wall. You look like my sister. I don't want to be a Queen, I want to be the Queen of your loins. Is your name Winter, because you'll be coming soon. You must be a White Walker, cause I want you to have my babies. Are you wildfire, cause I want to stop drop and roll with you? Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in my banner and fuck you for glory. They call me the King of the North, but I'd go south for you. Can my Direwolf watch? I want you to stick me with the pointy end. Who needs Milk of the poppy, when I can have you? I'm Iron born, I take what's mine. You smell like trash from Flea Bottom, can I take you out? I'll show you my Kama Sutra if you show me your Meereenese Knot. Beauty is only skin deep; Hodor's cock goes much deeper. My friends call me the Dancing Teacher, so let me dance you into the bedroom. Moon of My Life My Sun and Stars
My two favorite letters of the alpabet E Z. Do you mind if I push in your stool? Hey, are you balding, because you sure do SHINE. Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours? Are you a burger because you can be the meat between my buns You've got 206 bones in your body, want one more? I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you. I hope you dont have tetnus cause tonight your gonna nail me Fuck me if I'm wrong, but is your name Easy Bottom? We're having a penis-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow? I've never seen such a big bulge in a man's pants. Wait a minute, yes I have  mine. Is that a double ended dildo or are you just glad to see me? I don't need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you. My name is (your name)... remember that, you'll be screaming it later. Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy? If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together. Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth. I hope you're not a vegetarian... because I want to feed you some meat! I'm French Horny for your tromboner. If you and I were the last men on earth, I bet we could do it in public. I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior Is your name Oliver? Cause in a minute you're gonna be Oliver this dick. Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard. Hey there, you like Glazed or creme filled? You know, bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on a Saturday night. I just saw George Michael in the men's room. He was asking about you. Have you ever bought a vibrator? (No.) Do you want to rent one? I'm gay, straighten me out! I'm joining the priesthood tomorrow Dude, I'm an American Express lover... you shouldn't go home without me. (Lick finger and wipe on his shirt)... Let's get you out of these wet clothes. Why don't you come on over here, sit on my lap, and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up? Nice ass... what time does it open? I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand You would be perfect for this movie I'm shooting its called Dirty Sanchez Do you work for UPS? I thought I saw you checking out my package. Are you made of skittles, because i want to taste the rainbow. Would you like your parrot on this shoulder....or THIS shoulder? Do you like the telletubbies? Because you look like Tinkie Winkie. I know you think im sexy, I know you think im fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line
You make me want to upgrade my Tivo. Jedi Mind Trick: This is the geek you're looking for. waves hand You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life With my IQ and your body we could begin a race of genetic superchildren to conquer the earth. Hey I am like a Rubik's cube the more you play with me the harder I get! Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too. What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Battlestar Gallactica marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel. I'm definitely in the range of your hotspot. How about you let me connect and get full access. Your name is insert name here? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator! Want to come see my HARD DRIVE? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy. If you were a booger I'd pick you first. I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force. Want to see my Red Hat? If I was a robot and you were one 2 if I lost a nut would you give me a screw My ex-girlfriend is like the square root of -1,.... she's imaginary. My Creeper gets excited when it sees how hot you look.(Minecraft) I wish I was your calculus homework, because then I'd be hard and you'd be doing me on your desk. If you were my homework Id do you all over my desk If you where a sheep I would clone you Are you from pennsylvania cause i want to stick my pen in ur sylvania You must be a summoner, cause I can feel a powerful creature rising... in my pants! Is there a magnet in here because baby I'm attracted to You. Walk by a girl and say Are you looking at me? And if she says no say Damn! You had me at your impeccable spelling and correct use of grammar. A woman has 209 bones in her body do you want me to give you another one? Are you from Mars beucase your ass is out of this world hey girl do you play Minecraft? Because if you do I sure want to play creative with you! I'm not skinny, I'm ribbed for your her pleasure Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place. I used to be able to recite the English alphabet till we met, now I can't get past u I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness Am I a break-dancing robot? (Why?) 'cause you turn me on Are you my favorite book, cause when I think about you I touch my shelf. Are your parents retarded cause girl your special If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago want to have a bath with me.. you can play with my rubber dickie.... I can turn your software into hardware Are you a microprocessor or are you etching to see me It must be the civil war, cause I want to bang you like a salvation drum. Its not the length of the vector that counts, its how you apply the force. Civil War style: C'mon, baby, let's go back to my place and I will load your musket with my ramrod. Damn girl, I must be reading a book because you are FINE print. I need a babysitter tonight cas my parents aren't going to be home..Interested? You look so good, it's like you have a permanent photoshop filter on or something Is that an iPod mini in your pocket or are you just happy to see me. Here is my libary card, because im checking you out. 70 percent of the human body is made up of water and im very thirsty. Hey (say their name), I know this is not a chat room but my lips want to chat with yours. Are you gonna kiss me or do i have to lie to my diary? You're so hot you melt the elastic in my underwear Am I the piece? that finishes your puzzle Do you like computers? (yes.) Do you like file sharing? (yes) Good, 'cause I'm downloadable and user friendly! Tell me of this thing you humans call short dramatic pause love. If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop. I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up. You must've been made by Intel to be that hot! My name is Khan, please sit and entertain me. Hope you got a big trunk, cause im putting my bike in it. Baby, if you were a booger i'd pick you first If you think chewbaccas hairy just wait till you see my wookie Baby, I couldn't help but take judicial notice of how fine you're looking tonight hey baby, cum to butt-head You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life! Be my queen and mate me with your knight moves. I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out? Baby i'll treat you like my hw- I'll slam you on the table and do you all night long It doesn't take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I would be overqualified. Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT! If my right leg was christmas and my left was Easter, would you like to spend some time between the holidays? Baby, you're so gneiss I'll never take you for granite. Hey baby, I'm like a rubix cube. THe more you play with me, the harder I get. You have 206 bones in your body... want one more? I love you like an unspoken metaphor. That's why I had to use a simile. Baby, you're like a pendulum... you'll only stop when I damp you Is their wifi in hear because I feel a strong connection I wish we were in telophase, cause then I could admire your cleavage. You're cute, I'm cute, together we're 2cute! If I was a Facebook Status, would you like me? If I toss a fair coin, what are my chances of gettinggg head? Are you a video game, cause I think your my Destiny. My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory. Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down. Why it's not a good ideal to pick up dates online? Because you can receive a virus.
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain shortages? Well I don't even own a car Hey excuse me...I know you pregnant but when you drop that one off...ID LOVE to put another one in u Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person Ok, I'm here. What are your other two wishes? I have good credit Hey, are your parents beavers, because DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Girl you be the 6, I'll be the 9, that's only time you'll be less than a dime. yo gurl, I heard your good at math... Cause your legs are always divided. It's not your beauty, it's about dat booty! I'm digging u like a shovel ma! Are you from the ghetto cause I'm about to ghetto hold of that ass Watch your step gurl....don't want you to fall in love with someone else. Hey do you have an inhaler? Cause you got that ass ma! The club ends at 2, I gotta go to work at 8 lets go back to your place so you can get that pussy ate Aye girl let me put my direct in yo deposit! Hey boo, I'd like to be a part of your next abortion. I'm not Charmin, but I'd be all up in that booty.... Do you like to draw? (yeah why?) because I put the D in Raw Shaped like a coke bottle and the face of a model. Just get in tha car, bitch... im famous A genie'll come out ov my penis ... For real tho but only if u rub it hard enuff You a good girl, u jus need a thug in ya life to treat u rite! Hey bitch u want dis dick? The only nigguh flya than you .. is yo reflection Come in the house and take off ur coat, open ur mouth and let me coat the back of that throat! You know I live a Magnum Lifestyle Hey good lookin whatcha got cookin'? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina. Was your Dad a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you. Why pay $5 when you can't get this footling for free I'm Lil Wayne bitch Girl, yuh look like a bottle a maple syrup....THICK. Hey babe, do you know how to drive? cause I would love to ride I got arrested the other day. [For what?] For having two guns and a six pack. Dont worry bout me baby im gettingg sum measurements im bout to lay some pipe Yous a cutie, let me eatcha booty Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be. Hey beautiful.. let me scan ur barcode smile and show dimple Is this ur real hair cause i saw it on a mannequin in the hairstore but it was real expensive!!!...so can i have ur number? I claim you in the name of JESUS! I'm lookin' for a girl like my mother. She knew her place. But in a good way. Girl you thicker than a five dolla snicker. I my not know how to ride a bike, but I know how to ride yo bitch because i do it all night. Theres somethin wrong wit yur phone... my numbers not in it I Like My Girls Like My Koolaid Sweet And Go Down Easy.. Hey girl you got a father? ....Want a daddy? Bitch you aint even fat. Yo one fine looking cracka. Hey baby, I'd love to f**k the shit out of your fake weave Do you like Pizza, because I want a pizza dat ass Ey girl,(Yeh?) Your va.ga,ga must have dragon syndrome I think I need to slay it. That ass so fat, you could pull a brothas eyes out with the gravity? If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed? I dont care that u used to be fat, just come here and let me eat that cat! Hey girl u lookin like a tall glass of water and im tellin ya im thirsty If what matters is on the inside... Howsabout I get on the inside? Hey Shawty, do I stand a chance with you or shall I just move on to your fat friend? If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town Baby I can float your boat, now why don't you come over here and let me stick my dick down your throat Who yo hair dresser? Tell her I apologize for messing up her work You hungry? Ha I am..bust that p*ssy open for me AYE baby..is that my name tattooed on your back AYE girl lemme beat it like some cake mix Lemme borrow that number girl I got some suga for ya If fine was a felony you'd be on death row. Baby you thicker than a novel, and I want to read all yo pages Aww, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my To Do List! Damn u got a big A S S !! Girl you look so good, i wish i could plant a whole field of yall! Your so hot you must've started all of globle warming Plump Butts Matter Is there a fire in here or are we just standing too close Girl you're sweet as candy, can I taste u Now And Later So what directory should I look for your heart's number? Are u in my class? Because I really need help studying that anatomy Don't worry I'll look better after a few drinks If I was in your 1st grade class I would have played bouse with you I heard you got a boyfriend, but girl don't try & pretend, like you don't want this dick all the way in.
Oh, yeah, [gothic band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You remind me of my dead ex-girlfriend. That's a fabulous black corset and it goes great with those boots, but they would both look better on the floor next to my bed. So, are you a satanist? Worship me! Would you please come home with me and tie me up... If its true you are what you eat...I could be you by morning... I found this [lace glove, rosary, etc.] on the floor at the club last night, is it yours? Well, if it's not, I'd like to give it to you anyway. I'm a necrophiliac... How well do you play dead? I found this [lace glove, rosary, etc.] on the floor at the club last night, is it yours? Well, if it's not, I'd like to give it to you anyway. Hi. I'm a vampire, and I'd like to make my feelings for you immortal Hi. My name is *****, and I'm a vampire, but only on alternate Wednesdays. Didn't I go to your funeral? I'd like to tie you to a rafter and fuck you up and down. Would you please come home with me and tie me up... I wanted to get your name before one of us dies. What's your favorite Baudelaire poem? Is that blood, or wine that your having? If you were a drug, I would overdose! Are you male or female??? (does it matter?) That's a nice neck - mind if I bite it? Are you here alone, or will someone have to retain your affections over my dead body? Wow. That outfit must make a lot of noise in the dryer You've stolen my heart away. Luckily, I've got another three or four in the freezer. If I was going to sleep with a heroin addict it would definitely be you. That's a fabulous black corsett and it goes great with those boots, but they would both look better on the floor next to my bed. (Whisper) Don't tell anyone but I'm a vampire. (Whisper while drawing closer) No really. and I'm 4000 years old. Really. but now I live in the valley with my mom. Excuse me, miss? Hi, I'm doing a scavenger hunt for my fraternity rush, and one of the things on my list is a umm....weird chick.
When females complain about gym equipment...Ladies do you know where there's a lot of female equipment for you to use....Right Here Girl/Boy you make working out look good!!!! Can I get your jersey (what) you know your name and number You would be in great shape if your body could run like your mouth (New girl at the gym:) Hi, I think you are new here, and I want to be the first male to bother you. Are you a high jumper because u make my bar go up. Girl, I heard your into fitness.. How about fitness dick in yo mouth I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight. Hey baby are you a boxer? No Why? Well you should be your one hell of a knock out!!! Do you like yoga? Cause yoganna love this dick in yo mouth Have you heard the latest health report? it said you need to increase your daily intake of vitamin me You run track?, cause I heard you relay want this dick. Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off. Are you into fitness? Because soon I'll be fitness dick in yo mouth Your eyes are so blue im swimming in them Do you have any tape? Cause these babies are ripped. (flash your biceps) If you were a pair of Nike sneakers id be in and outta you all day. You must be a track star because you've been runnin marathons through my mind ALL day. Are you a boxer? (No) Well how about you get on your knees and give me two blows to the head? Can you catch? Cause I have 2 balls comin at ya. If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up? A girl walks into the gym, late. Everyone had already started to play dodgeball - instead sits out on the bleachers. A guy says, She can't play, she hasn't stretched yet! Another guy volunteers, I'll stretch her out!
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out? Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself. What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this? Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places. I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots. And... Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you? Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight! I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number. Pardon me. I hate to interrupt, but you've captured my eye. Could I have it back? It's the only one I've got, to fall in love with you at first sight. Hey, Baby, did you know they call me PumpkinHead? I may look like a slutty cheerleader, but under this dress...I'm all man, baby! I've got a rubber mask and you've got the candy- let's go trick or treating. Ooh, you look boo-tilicious! Call me a pirate and give me that booty Hey, my parents are out of town. That means we have the haunted mansion all to ourselves. I want to bob for yo' apples. Girl, you make my crotch rise from the dead. Baby, I'm a necrophiliac. How good are you at playing dead? That pirate outfit looks really hot on you. want to search me for buried treasure? Why don't we go somewhere where you can stick a candle in my jack-o-lantern?
Did you survive Avada Kedavra? Cause your drop dead gorgeous. I heard you're a Gryffinwhore (Why?) Because you let every wizard Slytherin! My name might not be Luna, but I sure can Lovegood Girl, are you sure you're a muggle cause I'd swear that ass is magical! I want to stick my Sorcerer's Stone in your Chamber of Secrets and release The Prisoner of Azkaban into your Goblet of Fire giving the Order of the Phoenix making my Half Blood Prince rise and give you the Deathly Hallows I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets I'm just like oliver wood, baby. I'm a keeper! My wand has chosen you! Save a broom; ride a Quidditch player Hey, baby; I must be in the Room of Requirement, because I require YOU! Wow, when I said Accio hottie, I didn't expect it to work! Want to learn to speak troll? Don't worry I can get you grunting in no time. I'll remember to protect my wand when entering your chamber of secrets! Lets practice Alohomora...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want! Have you been using Accio? because I've been coming to you every night Would you like to whomp my willow? Let me Slytherin your Griffendoor. Did you survive Avada Kedavra? 'Cause you're drop dead gorgeous. Im not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight? I want to be your Dumblewhore. If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss. My love for you burns like a dying phoenix. want to explore my chamber of secrets? My house is called the Shrieking Shack for a reason. I'll show you tonight. Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse. I want to open you wide like a book in the restricted section! Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean. Your kiss is like a dementor's........It takes my soul away! Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready. Together we could really make the 'Shrieking Shack' worthy of its name. You must have given me some Skelegrow, 'cause my bone is really growing right now. I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky. Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul. (Point your wand at girls crotch and say).... Alohamora! Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin? Hermoine, I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear. You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone. Speak Parseltongue to me and I'll let my snake out! Can I Slytherin your Ravenclaw or would you rather Hufflepuff my Gryffindor? want to make me moan like Myrtle? Did you just use the stupify charm or are you a natural stunner? Can I sheath my sword of Gryffindor in your Chamber of Secrets? Even though I am in Gryffindor, every time I see you something in my pants is Slytherin! Forget the train honey, just hop on my platform 9 and 3 quarters You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell. Just the thought of your wand makes me spill my potion! I can be anything you want me to be... I've got enough Polyjuice for the whole night! I don't need accio, to make you come! You don't even have to say Luminos Maxima to turn me on! I could make you scream louder than a mandrake! I am a seeker, are you my golden snitch? I don't have a broom, can I ride yours? I would take a marauders map just to stare at you all night! Screw Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff and Slytherin, the only house I want to be in is yours We may not be in professor flitwick's class, but you sure are charming! You must be really good at Transfiguration! (Why?) Because you've changed my life. Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff. Mind if I Weasley my way into your pants? I may not be the boy who lived, but I can still be your chosen one. I don't need aguamenti to make you wet! Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style! I may be a muggle, but the things I can do in bed are magical! If i were a sorting hat, I'd put you in my house! Baby, you don't need defense against my dark arts. One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle. If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together. I may not speak parseltongue but if you let me Slytherin to your bed I can show you what my tongue can really do! Is that a wand in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? I may not be Harry Potter, but I can be your chosen one. I was the one who gave Moaning Myrtle her nickname! I'm like devils snare. it only gets more painful if you struggle! Once you go black you siriusly dont go back! You can have the portkey to my heart. Did you just say Wingardium Leviosa? Cause you've got me rising, baby. Hermoine your boobs look very heavy... can I hold them for you? You're so hot, Aguamenti couldn't put you out! If I opened my Gryffindor would you Slytherin? I've been whomping my willow thinking about you! My vagina is a horcrux, will you destroy it? Let's have some fun this match is sick, I want to take a ride on you Quidditch stick! Being without you is like being under a Cruciatus Curse! You have two choices tonight, come with me and you'll see love spells. Go with him and you'll see Hog-WARTS! My wand? 12 inches, unyielding..... You don't need to say Incendio to light my fire Let's have a Tri-Wizard tournament Protect your 'wand' from 'hogwarts' when you enter the 'chamber of secrets' Is your name Felix Felicis? Cause you're about to get lucky! I've got two Bertie Bott's beans and a wand, want to taste? I use to go to the Astronomy Tower to see stars, but now I can just look into your eyes! I don't need the Mirror of Erised to know that you're everything I desire. Baby, are you the Nimbus 2000 cause your sweeping me off my feet! Do me, I'm Harry Fucking Potter. Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus. You make my Huffle puff. Are you using the Confundus charm on me or are you just naturally mind blowing? (Point at your chest/heart) It's a port-key. Once you touch it, it'll take you somewhere you ain't never been before. Yeah, girls call me Aguamenti? Every time they hear my name they get wet. Are you interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready. Your smile's like expelliarmus: simple but disarming.
Want to play War of 1812? I'll light your White House on fire... There's a reason they say I started the Era of Good Feelings... Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore....my face should be among them. Do you want to help me with my project on the tit- I'm sorry, TET Offensive? I'll be your Secretary of the Interior... I bet if Jefferson had met you, he would have vetoed the Non-Intercourse Act. Want to go back to my place and discuss Big Stick Diplomacy? Are you from Medieval Times?, cause you Sir Gagsalot Did you invent the airplane?, cause you seem Wright to me. Call me Paul Revere, because I would like to give you a midnight ride. If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln. Are you a tower? Cos Eiffel for you. They don't call me a Rough Rider for nothing. I'm no Thomas Paine, but you and I are Common Sense. Are you an early hominid? Because I've got a Homo Erectus right now. Want to reenact the Battle of the Bulge? I have sex like I fight a war; I got no exit strategies. Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods. Don't worry if you're only wearing stripes because I'll make you see stars tonight. Let's role play..I'll be Osama you be the cave..now let me hide in you. Hi, I'm babe Lincoln, and I'm about to give you the Gettysburg undress. The Great Pyramid, the Sahara, the Nile, me...get the picture? You must be the eighth wonder of the world! If I could change the alphabet, I would put 'V' and 'I' together. Your palace looks like it could use a sturdy column.
Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in my district. I think I've been stung by a trackerjacker. (Why is That?) because you look so good I must be hallucinating! Is your name Peeta, cause your buns look delicious. I'd eat poison berries for you. What are the odds of me being in your favor? I'll keep your arrow safe in my quiver Is your brother Peeta Mellark, cause you have a nice set of buns. Gurl, you on fire! Can I see your RoseBush? Girl is there a bloodbath in your cornucopia? If not I'd like to rush in. Are you a tribute? Cause you've been running through my arena of death all day long! I'm really into inter-District dating. Cinna, must have been thinking of you, when he set Katniss on fire. If I was a gamemaker I would give you a 12. Are you Peeta Mellark, cause your muffins are hot. You're more precious than a silver parachute. We could fall in love... or I could kill you. Looks you are on the hunt. For me. My name is Peeta Mellark, and trust me when I say you have a nice set of buns. My love for you is like my quiver of arrows. Endless. My arrows will go deep inside you. want to see my trident? It'll totally rock your world. That mockingjay dress would look great on my bedroom floor! Is your dad President Snow? Because when you walked by, my privates snapped to attention Is that a cannon in the distance or is it my heart beating for you? Is your name Katniss, cause I have something to shut that big mouth of yours!
Do you think we can make it a step more serious and disable network sharing? YouTube Myspace and I'll Google your Yahoo I won't stop bugging you until I get the address to your home page! Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you. Baby you know this shit isn't USB2.0..it's firewire! Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place. Is your name google? (Why?) Because you have exactly what I'm looking for! How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google all over your Facebook! I wish you were DSL so I could get high speed access Is their WiFi in hear because I feel a strong connection Baby, if they made you in Java, you'd be the object of my desire. If I was a Facebook Status, would you like me? How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your FaceBook? Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable. Want to see my Red Hat? I can turn your software into hardware
Excuse me is your dad a lumber jack? Girl: No. why? cause everytime i look at you i get wood in my pants Is your dad a thief? Why? Cause I saw him steal all the stars out of the sky and put them in your eyes. Your Daddy must have been a Baker, cos you got the nicest set of buns I've ever saw. Is your dad a thief, Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes Is your dad a dentist?(if yes) Then open wide Is your dad a lock smith because you have the keys to my heart. Is your dad a photographer.....because I can picture us together. Is your dad a pilot because my heart taking off? Is your dad a donkey? Cause you have a great ass! Does your dad work at the grocery store because you have nice melons! Was you're father a meat-burgler? cause someone stole two fine hams and shoved them down the back of your pants Is your dad a terrorist? because you r the bomb. Is your dad retarded cause your special. Are your parents assholes? Cause yor the shit. Is your dad a boxer? No Why? Because your one hell of a knock out!!! Is your dad a sergeant cause your making my privates stand at attention! Is your dad a drug dealer? cause you sure are dope! Is your dad a butcher? Because I want to bone you. Was your daddy a leprechaun, cause Irish you were naked. Is your daddy a doctor? Cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction. Is your daddy a hunter. 'cause your such a fox! Did your dad invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me. Is you dads name Oliver, cause soon you'll be Oliver this dick. Is your dad a genie because your making my dreams come true Your daddy must be a high jumper, because you make my bar raise! Is your daddy the sun, because your beauty is blinding! Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS! Your Daddy must play the trumpet, because your making me horny! Is your mom a hooker? Cause I'm hooked on you. Girl...is your dad a private eye? Because I saw you checking out my package. Is your Dad a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you. Is your daddy a wrestler, because I just want to take you down. Is your dad an artist because your a fine peice of work. Is your daddy an architect, cause I want you on staff for my next erection. Is your daddy a spandex salesman? ... Cause you're TIGHT! Is your daddy a magician? Cause abracaDAYUM! Is your dad a carnie (carnival worker) Because I want you sit to on my face while I try to guess your weight. Is your daddy an Aquafina worker because your jugs are perfect Is your daddy the owner of Wendy's because you make me want to eat great even late! Is your daddy Tony The Tiger (Frosted Flakes) because you look gggggreat Is you dad a lumberjack, because baby you giving me wood Is your daddy Willy Wonka because you look delicious Is your daddy a grocery store attendant because you have nice melons! Is your daddy an astronaut? Girl:no then how did you get those stars in your eyes Did your dad write a dictionary because you put meaning in my life Is your daddy a pilot? ... Cause you're FLY! Is your daddy a farmer? Cause you sure do know how to raise the cock. Is your dad a japelano because you sure are hot Is your daddy a car salesman? [Why?] Because you have nice head lights. Your father must be a thief because he stole the brightest star in the sky and put it in your eyes Is your dad an alien because your out of this world Is your daddy a wielder, [wait for answer]? Because you know how to mend my broken heart Is your daddy an electrician? (if answered no) O i thought he was b/c you are so Electrifying (If answered yes) I knew there had to be a reason why you are so electrifying!
Are you Jewish? Cause you israeli hot! You had me at Shalom. My nose isn't the only thing that's big..... Yo gurl don't Jewish that you were mine Once you go Jew, no Christian will do. If I raise my staff will it only part the sea? Can I put out your burning bush? I want to light your menorah. My people invented circumcision....Your Welcome God just told me there was going to be a flood and I've decided to save you. I like my women like I like my dreidels.....bottom heavy I don't care what the Torah says, I'm not leaving any of your four corners unplowed. Are you the milk or the honey I was promised? Baby I'd nail you harder then we nailed Jesus to that cross. I'll be Moses, you can play with my staff, and I'll scream Let my people go! Want to go fiddle on a roof? Do you want something to atone for on yom kippur? Can I kiss your Mezuzah? I would love to wonder in your wilderness for 40 years. I may not be Elisha but will you open the door anyway. Do you want to spin my dreidel? You bring the apples i'll bring the honey Have I seen you on j-date? Lets do it like adam and eve, behind some bushes. Even though it's breaking a commandment, I'm worshipping you right now. You must be Egyptian because I'm a slave for you. Instead of the torah, can I study your body 3 times a day? Are those matza balls in your pants or are you just happy to see me? Can I come into your massada? That yarmulke would look great on my bedroom floor! I'll take you to the promised land. You know how it is with Jewish culture, everything begins at sundown! Which commandment do you want to break? Don't worry I won't passover you. Got any Jewish in you? . . . Want some? Baby lets run away together, just Jew and Me. All I want for Channukah, is you. How bout I play moses and u play with my staff. I know I'm one of the chosen people but I just want to be chosen by you, baby Are you bar mitzvahed, because I need a woman? Can I dip my maror in your charoset. Unlike the torah, I'm gonna put my hands all over you. Just like the Ner Tamid, my love for you burns eternal.
Knock Knock Who's there? Pauline! Pauline Who? I think I'm Pauline in love with you. Knock Knock. Who's there? Butch, Jimmy and Joe. Butch, Jimmy, and Joe Who? Butch your arms around me, Jimmy a kiss, and let's Joe. Knock Knock Who's there ! Honeydew! Honeydew who? Honeydew you know how fine you look right now? Knock Knock Who's there? I love you! I love you who? Don't ask who, because it's you. Knock Knock Who's there? Juno! Juno who? Juno I love you right? Knock Knock Who's there? Honey bee! Honey bee who? Honey bee a doll and give me dem digits. Knock Knock Who's there? Aldo! Aldo who? Aldo anything for you! Knock Knock Who's there? Cynthia! Cynthia who? Cynthia you been away, I missed you. Knock Knock Who's there? De Niro! De Niro who? De Niro I am to you, the more beautiful you get. Knock Knock Who's there? Egg! Egg who? Eggcited to meet you. Knock Knock Who's there? Orange! Orange who? Orange you stunning. Knock Knock Who's there? Israel! Israel who? Do you want to little Jewish in you, cause this dick Israel. Knock Knock Who's there? Anime! Anime who? Are you from Japan? Cause you got anime-zing body. Knock Knock Who's there? Baghdad! Baghdad who? Are you from Iraq? Cos I'd love to see you Baghdad ass up Knock Knock Who's there? Dubai! Dubai who? I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink? Knock Knock Who's there? Candice! Candice Who? Candice be love I'm feeling right now? Knock Knock Who's there? Al! Al who? Al give you a kiss if you open this door! Knock Knock Who's there? India! India who? What's it gonna take to get India pants. Knock Knock Who's there? Juan! Juan who? The girl of your dreams, and your the Juan for me. Knock knock Who's there Bangkok! Bangkok who? Are you from the Thailand, cause tonight your going to BangKok. Knock knock Who's there I love! I love who? Awwww I love you to. Knock knock Who's there Love! Love who? Love this dick. Knock knock Who's there Needle! Needle who? Needle a little love right now.
Why don't you be the numerator and I be the denominator and both of us reduce to simplest form? Hi, I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y? I'm like pi baby, I'm really long and I go on forever. I wish I was your calculus homework, because then I'd be hard and you'd be doing me on your desk. Are you a math teacher because you got me harder than trigonometery Guy: Do you like math? Girl: No. Guy: Me neither...In fact, the only number I care about is yours. By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares. My ex-girlfriend is like the square root of -1,.... she's imaginary. I heard you like math, so what's the sum of U+Me 1/3>((-1^1/5)/27U)^1/2 Simply this to know how I feel about you. i>3U Once you go Asian, you never miss an equation. I'm not being obtuse, you are being acute girl Why don't we use some Fourier analysis on our relationship and reduce to a series of simple periodic functions. Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial? Are you a 30 degree angle? Because you're acute-y. You must be the square root of -1 because you can't be real. The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant. How about you come to my place tonight, so I can show you the growth of my natural log How about I perform a sort on your variables, and you can analyse my performance? If I were sin2x and you were cos2x , together we'd be ONE! I'd like to instantiate your objects, and access their member variables If four plus four equals eight, ....then me plus you equals fate. yo gurl, I heard your good at math... Cause your legs are always divided. What do math and my dick have in common?...They're both hard for you Are you a 45 degree angle, Because your perfect. Baby, I wish you were x2 and I was x3/3 so I could be the area under your curve... Can I plug my solution into your equation? Baby your like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems. Huygens' favorite curves were cycloids, but my favorite curves are yours. How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the digits of your phone number? The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight. Are you a square number, because my love for you is exponential! Archimedes cried out eureka and ran around naked and filled with joy when he discovered that the volume of a solid can be determined by how much it displaces. Spend more time with me and you will do the same. You are one well-defined function. Girl my love for you goes on like the number pi Hey baby I'm an engineer. I can mend your broken heart Is that an asymptote in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? I'd like to be your math tutor for the night; add a bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs and multiply! Why can't love be a one to one function? Then our relationship could be injective. Bertrand Russell was a renowned mathematician, philosopher and advocate for sexual liberation. How about we cut math and philosophy class and focus on the rest of Russell's life. The law of contrapositives says that we should use a condom. I not good at algebra but you and I together make 69!!! I would really like to bisect your angle. I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number. Meeting you is like a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction. If you don't want to go all the way, you can still partially derive me. I'm good at math: add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply! I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves Baby, let me find your nth term Hey baby, can i see what's under your radical? If I were an integral, I'd fill you up. I wish I were your second derivative so i could fill your concavities. Baby, you're a 9.999999999...but you'd be a 10 if you were with me. What's your sine? The sine^(-1) of you must be pi/2 cause you're the one You have nicer legs than an Isosceles right triangle. If I was sin^2 theta and you were cos^2 theta together we would be 1 If I move my lips half the distance to yours... and then half again... and again... etc.... would they ever meet? no? Well in this specific case i am going to disprove your assumption. Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator! Our love is like dividing by zero.... you cannot define it Baby let me be your integral so I can be the space under your curves Hey baby, what's your tanx cosx? I less than three you..... (i < 3 you) I heard you're sin because you're always on top when we make tangent Whoops, I think my binomials just expanded Baby I wish I could live on a [integral of 1/cabin d cabin] with you. Excuse me, ma'am, but can I get your seven significant digits? I'm overheating because you're stuck in my head like an infinite loop. I'll be the one over your cosx an baby, we can have secx! I'm relativistic: the faster I go, the longer I last. B equals T x N. I think you and I should study the T and N planes in depth T and N = osculating plane, which literally means the 'kissing' plane. At absolute zero, you would still move me. Baby if you were a 6 I would want to be your (reflection about the x-axis + then reflection about the y-axis) -->9 Yo baby, you want to see me solve a quadratic? Hey! baby can I cal-cu-la-tor (call you later) Baby, lim (u->me) ? e^x = f(u)^n. On a scale of 1-10, you're a solid e to the power of pi I think that convex butts are ALWAYS better than concave butts..you look toned I wish I was your secant line so I could touch you in at least two places! Baby ill be your asymptotes so i can shape your curves... Would you like to see the exponential growth of my natural log? If I was your math homework, ill make it hard and you will be doing me on the table. If you were a graphics calculator, i'd look at your curves all day long! Baby i just drew a pic of you on my ti83 but ur sooo hot my screen melted The way the light reflects off the angles of your head is extremely enchanting. I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you home to my domain. I wish u were the Pythagorean theorem so I can insert my hypotenuse into your legs. Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity or time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you. Your body has the nicest arc length I've ever seen. I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect you and union you. You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum. You must be an asymptote, because I just find myself gettinggg closer and closer to you. You're as sweet at 3.14. You fascinate me more than the fundamental theorem of calculus. My love for you is like a concave function's positive first derivative, because it's always increasing. Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you? In Euclidean geometry two parallel lines never touch ... let's go back to my place and study some non-Euclidean geometry. My vector has a really large magnitude. Would you care to normalize it? You and I must have the same natural frequency, because we resonate together. I 1-sin(theta) you The surface of my cylinder is not a compact metric space. My love for you is like the slope of a concave up function because it's always increasing. Can I plug my solution into your equation? The volume of a general cylinder was known for thousands of years, but you won I wish I were a predicate so I could be the direct object of your affection. I think if you and i had Hex we'd be a perfect OA I've been secant you for a long time Instead of being the derivative, id much rather be the secant so i can touch u not only once, but twice Lets make love like pi; irrational and never ending Maybe later we can go over to my place and titrate until you reach your end-point.. Baby, you're body is like a hyperbola Are you the square root of 2? because I feel irrational when I'm around you Being with you is like switching to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things now have a magnitude and direction. Baby you must be a modulus sign, 'cos whenever you wrap your arms round me i always feel positive! we've been differentiating for too long, lets sum it up and integrate you and i add up better than a riemann sum I wish I was your differential because then I'd be touching all your curves. Your beauty defies real and complex analysis. Your hottness is the only reason we can't reach absolute zero. I use my rod of infinite length for more than just simplifying calculations... My love for you is like pi, it's never-ending. Let's make our slopes zero (slope of zero means horizontal => bed) I do believe I am your reciprocal; we will be one when we multiply. If I'm the Riemann zeta function, you must be s=1. Like a quantum computation, our paths are entangled. If I went binary, you would be the 1 for me. i'm sine and you're cosine, want to make like a tangent? You + Me = The number of sides in a Mobius Strip You must be sin squared, because I'm cosin squared and together we equal one. Let 'u' and 'i' be irrational integers such that a real non-monotonic relationship exists for all T = {0 ... infinity}
ll be your farm boy if you'll be my princess bride I'll love you until Tom catches Jerry and has him 4 supper Is your name Ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other! Let play a game called T.V, I turn your knobs and you watch my antennae rise. Lets pretend we are The Simpsons, you can be Marge and I can take you Homer! Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you Hey are you Cinderella because I see that dress disappearing at midnight. Is this a heavy metal band cause girl i want to ROCK with you! Are you a Star Wars fan, cause you're the Obi Wan for me. Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in my district. Damn girl you thicker than a krabby patty wit extra tartar sauce. You go curves like a racetrack, and tonight, I'm gonna be your Ricky Bobby. You must be worthy, 'cause you can totally lift my hammer. Were you forged in the fires of Mount Doom? Because you're precious to me. I might not look like Brad Pitt, but I can lick like Lassie. Honestly your the fault in my stars. Are you THE MATRIX, casue I'M THE ONE. How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day! They say Disney world is the happiest place on earth, obviously they haven't been in your arms. How about you let me put my Malcolm in your middle. Most pictures may be worth a thousand words, but a picture of you needs only one! Wow! Your mouth says Shields Up. But your eyes say Hull breach imminent You must be worthy, cause you can totally lift my hammer. They call me Spider-Man because I can get you all sticky. Want to make my Dark Knight Rise? If I was a Jedi, would you be my force? Hey, are you Oscar? Because I really want to win you.. Girl your eyes are bluer than Heisenbergs Crystal You just lie there and I, King Leonidas, will impale you with my spear. The difference between me and Django....This D ain't silent. My Scooby wants to Doo you. Are you Yoda? Cause Yodalicious. Hey, I would like to introduce my Crouching Tiger to your Hidden Dragon Is your name Alice? Cause baby I can show you Wonderland. If you were a transformer. You'd be a hot-o-bot, and you'd be called optimus fine Roses are red Yoda is green, my lightsaber needs two hands if you know what I mean If I had Jack Sparrow's compass, it'd be pointing at you. Call me Pooh. Because all I want is you honey! Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week. They don't call me thumper for nothing! Is your name Rapunzel, cause I need a girl who never leaves the bedroom and constantly wants me to pull her hair. I'm not Rapunzel, but I'll still let you pull my hair. Baby I love you more than Eric Cartman loves pie! Hi, I'm Andy. want to play with my Woody? There's this movie I wanted to see and my mom said I couldn't go by myself.....  Baby, If I was a transformer I'd be called Orgasmic Prime. Fresh Prince: Girl, I got to tell you, that suit looks like a piece of 'Good God' wrapped up in some 'Have Mercy,' with a side of 'Unghm!' I'll slime you so good you'll think your on Nickelodeon Boy: Are you the mother of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olson? Girl: No. Why? Boy: Because you sure got some good looking twins. (points to her boobs) How about we make out like Winnie-the-poo and I get my nose stuck in your honey jar. I wish I was a pokemon master so I could peek-at-chu (pikachu). You remind me of my sketchbook, I want to fill it up with drawings just like I want to fill up your life with love! Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light sabre?
I call my dick Notorious, cause it's B.I.G. Do you like heavy metal? Cause I can teach you how to scream. Save a drum, bang a drummer. Girl you must have swallowed a speaker, cause your beauty is louder than the rest. I'll beat that ass like a drum and leave you swimming in cum. Your voice is so a-do-re-ble to mi. Let's make music on my sheets. I want to duet with you. Do you play the trumpet because you make me horny. I'm like a musician going to a party, I always make a big entrance and I never cum early. I'm French Horny for your tromboner. I'm a drummer, banging is what we do. want to swap mouth pieces. You had me at cello. Let's cut to the chase and duet already. One night with me and you'll hit all the high notes. Are you Shakira, because those hips don't lie. I would show you my trumpet, but there would be jazz everywhere. Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you like rolling in the D. My friends call me Legato, cause I'm so smooth. How about we go home and study your French composition. Are you a cellist? Cause I bet you like to do it in a chair with your legs spread wide open. Just remember girl, Treble is my middle name. I bet you didn't know that musicians duet better. Are you on the drumline? Because I want to play with your stick. You can call me the piano man, cause you'll love the way I tickle your keys. Do your parents compose classical music, cause baby got Bach. Do you like AC/DC cause I want to do it all night long. Girl, you remind me of Jason Derulo, because every-time we meet I want to sing your name! Your French Horn is giving me a Woodwind. Man: Girl, I can play you just like my guitar. Woman: I'd rather have you play me like a harmonica. I'll be Wiz Khalifa and you can be my joint. All you need is safe sax, a reed, and me. How about we get into some Treble and go to Third Bass. I'll be your drum...you can beat me all night long! I'm lower brass, and as you know, we get down like nobody's business. Girl if you were a Taylor Swift song, I would put you on repeat and listen to you over and over. Let's play a love game, I'll be Alejandro, you can be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick! I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away! Girl if you think I'm good at memorizing sheet music, just think about what I can do with your body. Are you Stacy's mom? Cause you've got it going on. I can't play the guitar but i'll sure pluck your G String. Call me Eric Clapton, cause I'll pluck your heart strings. Ever heard of Metalica? Because you could ride my lightning. Bae, you make Rita Ora look like a teletubbie. How about we Duet all night long. My favorite singer is Mick Jagger. He can't get no satisfaction and neither can I. Want to help me change that? Baby girl, your like Katy Perry's single California Gurls (Why's that?) Cause I just can't get you out of my head!
Gurl, do you have a shovel in your back pocket? (No Why?) because I'm diggin' that ass! On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9...... And I'm the 1 you need. When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin? I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y? Hey can I follow you home? (What?) Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams. I'd like to point out that beautiful has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together. I heard you're a Gryffinwhore (Why?) Because you let every wizard Slytherin! Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple. Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe Country boys don't need pick-up lines, cause they've got pick-up trucks. Hey, are your parents beavers, because DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be. Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number? If you were a transformer. You'd be a hot-o-bot, and you'd be called Optimus Fine! You can call me The Fireman....mainly because I turn the hoes on. Hi, I'm going to have to ask you to leave! (Why?) The sign says NO SMOKING....and you are definitely SMOKIN! Boy: Girl, whats your number? Girl: I have a boyfriend Boy: I have a math test Girl: What? Boy: I thought we were talking about things we could cheat on You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears. Do you have a name or can I call you mine? I want you to know something but I'm too scared to tell you in person. So I'll just let the first 3 words of this sentence say it for me. You must be a banana because I find you a peeling. Hey, want to come over to Myspace and Twitter with my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook? Is your dad a military general? Because when you walked by, my privates snapped to attention Do you buy your pants on sale? Because at my house they would be 100% off. I'm not a weather man, but you could expect more than a few inches tonight I'm not a hipster, but I can make your hips stir. Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious Forget pick up lines, we need break up lines like is it hot in here or is this relationship suffocating me?
Did you fart....Because you are blowing me away!!! You look hot in that dress, but it'd look a lot better on your sister... My two favorite letters of the alpabet E Z. Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours? I forgot my blow job at your house, can i come over and get it? Hey baby, have you fallen from heaven, because that would explain your face.. Can i buy you a drink? cause you look like an alcoholic. Today I feel like a tampon. I'm at the right place, but at the wrong time. Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you. I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated. Your hand is so soft and delicate, my dick would look huge in it. Are you wearing a cow suit, or do you always look like a heffer? Damn girrl did you get some lipo, your'e looking P H A T! Are you a frito cause your really corny Hey since I lifted your spirits, how about you lift up your shirt. How much do you weigh cause your lookin PHAT* Your so hot you can fart in my mouth and I would hold it like a bong hit Are you constipated? Cause I want to fuck the shit out of you. I like my women like I like my coffee, full of cream. I'm not a dick in real life, but I'll play one in your vagina tonight! Tell your mom to stop changing lipsticks cause my dick looks like a rainbow Hey, why go for the best when you can go for the rest? Mind if I hang out here until its safe back where I farted? I heard you have a death wish, how about suffocating on a black penis. I'm like a trash man, because I pick up junk for a living. Damn girl, you must have all the flies around you because you're the shit! Can I take you out to eat .....unless you wante me to eat you out Just call me baby, cause I want to be inside you for the next 9 months Come here or my dick will start CUMING for you! Don't be so picky.... I wasn't! Hey baby, theres a party in your mouth and everybody's coming Yeah, I am married. So what can I do to get you to go out with me? You seem really nice...not like the usual bitter pill I meet. Are you a swimmer cause you have no eyebrows How much did it cost? You know, the surgery that made you so hot? Was god constipated when he made you cause you smell like a pile of shit Did it hurt?(what?) when you fell from heaven? It sure looks like it Are you going to that funeral? (What Funeral) The one where MY BALLZ drop dead in your mouth My love for you is like diahreah, I just can`t hold it in. I just shit in my pants... Can i get in yours? Save a straw...Suck A Dick. Did you just crawl up from hell? Cause your smokin'! Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home. Are you from Europe? Cause eura hoe Do you think you could teach me to be as full of shit as you are? Don't be shy give this dick a try. Good news, the test results are negative! want to be my new vacume cleaner...its not sucking or blowing right Do you want a invitation ( to what?) A Party in my pants Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit! Are you a garbage can because I'm trash and I want to be in you. My penis is going on vacation. Destination: YOUR MOUTH I'll bet you 100 bucks that you couldn't get all your clothes off in 30 seconds. Ur not the prettiest one in here but beauty is only a paper bag away. Do you like tapes and CDs? (I guess) Good, 'cause Imma tape this dick to your forehead so you CDs nuts Fuck me now or you will die......die bitch die Debit or credit for those tits? You MUST have a nice personality. Blow me you fat ugly hoe Oh NO! I'm choking! I need mouth-to-mouth Quick! Here's a fifty dollar bill, get to it. I wish you were a pig (she asks why?) cause then youd have six....nipples(wait for slap) Nice hair lets fuck all night long I was going to tell you a joke that'll make your tits fall off. But it looks like somebody beat me to it. I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good. You're ugly but you intrigue me. I put the std in stupid. If you were drunk I'd totally take advantage of you. Damn girl, I'm gonna be all over you like a fat virgin on a man sandwich! Theres a party in my pants and your invited. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, if it weren't for women, my thing would rust. Your so nasty you make me want to go in and eat cottage cheese/p> Are you a swimmer cause you have no eyebrows Hey, why go for the best when you can go for the rest? Hey I went to work but you didn't let me finish let's have round 2 I am lost in your lips please give me a map to your p*ssy Do you like trash, cause I'd love to dump on your chest You don't smell bad for a fat girl. Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick! Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, Particularily nice weather. Do you want a invitation ( to what?) A Party in my pants I didnt ask u to dance.....I said you look fat in those pants Why don't I Grab your sweet breasts and stick my dick up your butt! I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be? Long story short I have money! Hi I'm (name) and no i dont plan on being this ugly for the rest of my life. Was god constipated when he made you cause you smell like a pile of shit I've got the dick, you've got the bum, so do the sum and let me ram your bum It's Hammer Time,....bang me biaatttccchhh Did you get it in the mail today? What? DEEZ NUTS! Roses are red Lemons are sour Bend over bitch And feel the power
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? pull your pockets inside out Would you like to? I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy. Lick your fingers and touch the girls clothes and say how bout me and you get outa these wet clothes That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it? I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas. I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't cum in 30 minutes, the next one is free. I am conducting a field test of how many woman have pierced nipples. Women don't date me for my money, they date me for my money shot. I just popped a Viagra. So, we've got about 30 minutes to get back to your place. Those are nice legs. do they come over easy? Hey baby, I'll fuck you so well the NEIGHBORS will be having a cigarette when we're done. Do you train cats? (No, why?) Because you just made my pussy cum! Are you going to that funeral? (What Funeral) The one where MY BALLZ drop dead in your mouth Hey baby, do I stand a chance with you or shall I just move on to your fat friend? Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I? Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my To Do List! I like my women like I like my coffee, full of cream. Did you go swimming earier or did I get you wet Some people think I'm fat but its actually my cock wrapped around me. Excuse me, My name is Ben Dover (bend over). Would you like to meet my friend Master Bates (masturbates)? Or should I do it for you? I think my allergies are acting up. because everytime your around my dick swells up. Those boobs look heavy, let me hold em for you. Is it just me or do most guys picture you naked? How about you and my friends play minivan, two in the front and 5 in the back. Your hand is so soft and delicate, my dick would look huge in it. I'm not a dick in real life, but I'll play one in your vagina tonight! Do you like tapes and CDs? (I guess) Good, 'cause Imma tape this dick to your forehead so you CDs nuts Shall I wait for you in my car or will the closet suffice? Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight? If you were drunk I'd totally take advantage of you. Are you busy [If no], well do you want to get busy. Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear. How much does your clothes cost? (Woman says Why do you want to know?) Cause I`ll need to know how much to pay you back after I rip them off.! want to go 50-50 on a rape charge? You've got to refer me to your plastic surgeon. I hear your thirsty? Well I've got a six pack right here! My face will be leaving in a quarter of an hour and I'd like you to be on it I just cleaned my bedsheets, want to come mess them up with me. Do you know Candice? (Candice who?) Candice dick fit in your mouth? Do you like dragons? Cause in a minute I'll be dragon my balls across your face Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home. Hey girl; I got this new cologne called hard on u want to try it You MUST have a nice personality. Does the carpet match the drapes? You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts. Good news, the test results are negative! Baby, you're the next contestant in the game of love. How about I teach you about firefighting by letting you slide down my pole I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be? Ok, I'm here, what do you want for your next wish? hey! tell your nipples to stop staring at my eyes. Those boobs look very heavy... can I hold them for you? Hey Babe...how about the two of us grabbing a pizza and going to my place and shag? No??? What's the matter? Don't you like pizza??? Ask a hottie, Would you like some fruit? When she says Ok what you got? Pull down your trousers and say I got two apples and a banana It's a celebration bitches show Rick James your titi's Hi, are you here to meet a nice man or will I do? Bring a teabag and screw in your pocket....go to the bar hold up the teabag and screw and ask if she wants to teabag or screw... You are so hot I want to bang you from behind Do you have any tape? Cause these babies are ripped. (flash your biceps) The only time I'd kick you outta bed would be to fuck you on the floor! Hi, my names bubbles. want to blow me? Are you a cowgirl cause I can see you riding me Hi! can i stir your drink, mind if i use my dick? Save a straw...Suck A Dick. Girl...are you a private eye? Because I saw you checking out my package Are you a cowgirl cause I can see you riding me . Use index finger to call someone over then say, I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand. Hey baby, want to go halves on a bastard? Hey babe lets play army, I'll lay down and you can blow the hell out of me! Hows 'bout you an me, we get together and do the horizontal mambo? I know hello in 6 different languages, which one do you want me to tell you tomorrow? Hey Babe, there's a party in my pants and you're invited! Walk up to a girl,look at her breasts and say: hey,tell your nipples to stop staring at me. If you think you feel good, you should feel me Walk over to a table occupied by ladies, whip out your `little member' and say: Hey charlie, see anyone here you recognize? want to see my third leg? Are you drunk enough to be taken advantage of? You know, it's not premarital sex unless you plan on gettinggg married. Do you want to be my insignificant other? if I was to wake you in the morning, would I just touch you on the shoulder, or would I have to call you? Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position How about you get on your knees and smile like a donut! Can I be your toliet seat so you can sit on me! Since we shouldn't waste things in this bad economy, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire. Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway. You got nice breasts, but what color are your nipples? Brown or Pink? Do I know you from somewhere, because I don't recognize you with your clothes on? Would you be my love buffet? So I can lay you out on the table and take what I want? I like every muscle in your body, especially mine. Theres a party in my pants and your invited. Hey Baby. My underwear is completly stretched out. You know what that means. Dikembe is a famous 7'2 African basketball player from Zaire with a raspy voice. The story goes that Dikembe walked into a Georgetown bar butt-naked one night, the entire place stopped to look at him, and in response, Mutombo just yelled out, WHO WANTS TO SEX MUTOMBO?! Your pants remind me of Vegas.... The kinda place I go to blow my Wad. your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen up? Are you from Europe? Cause eura hoe if i told you that you were beautiful would you take off your clothes and dance naked? Nice hair lets fuck all night long Come here or my dick will start CUMING for you! My hands are cold, can i take them down south (Give a girl a penny) then say how much can i get with this How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up? Hey, is that a keg in your pants? Cause I'd sure love to tap THAT ass! I want to put my thingy into your thingy. My magical watch says you're not wearing any panties...oh, you are? Damn, it must be an hour fast... Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory. I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there. Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down. Excuse me. My friend over there is a little embarrassed. He'd like your phone number. He wants to know where he can get a hold of me in the morning. When shes about to leave say: Hey were you going beautiful,the dark room is the other way. Walk up to a female and look at her crotch then look at her face back to crotch to face and say are you gonna eat that
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put you between F and CK You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. Are you free tonight or is it gonna cost me? I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you. Seriously honey, sex is like Pizza. Even if it bad, it still pretty darn good. Cold out isn't it? (staring at breasts) You know how they say skin is the largest organ? Not in my case. I'm bigger and better than the Titanic ... only 200 woman went down on the Titanic I'm good at math, U+I=69 want to come and see my Hard Drive? Babe, I promise you it ain't 3.5 inches and it sure ain't floppy. Lets play house...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want! I hope you're as easy as your mom.... My couch might pull out but I don't! You want to see a donkey show? Hey baby, theres a party in your mouth and everybody's coming Would you like to come to a party in my toolshed? How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up? Fucking is like flossing your teeth, the first few times theres gonna be blood. Come here or my dick will start CUMING for you! Do you know Candice? (Candice who?) Candice dick fit in your mouth? Do you like dragons? Cause in a minute I'll be dragon my balls across your face Hi! I'm Craven Morehead are you? Save a straw...Suck A Dick. (A tall man to a short woman): You're perfect height for what I want. Sex is a killer...want to die happy? You've got a lawyers ass! Yup its firm. hey baby, thats a nice shirt, can i talk you out of it! I'm not a dick in real life, but I'll play one in your vagina tonight! I'm lookin' for a girl like my mother. She knew her place. But in a good way. Yeah, I am married. So what can I do to get you to go out with me? So, does the IQ match, the dress size? Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear. Do you handle chickens because I've heard your good with cocks Hey good lookin whatcha got cookin'? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina. You might want to call a bomb squad, because there's going to be an explosion in your anus Do you like tapes and CDs? (I guess) Good, 'cause Imma tape this dick to your forehead so you CDs nuts You look like a hooker I knew in Fresno. A woman has no value beyond her reproductive capacity. Speaking of your reproductive capacity... Did you sleep in a garbage can last night? Because you are looking trashy! Do you have rubbers at your house or should I pull out? My dick is more comfortable than that chair you know. Do you have a fucking problem? Cause I can help you with that. Hi, how bout you grab my butt and i grab your ears! You got the teacup, cause I'm bringin the teabag. If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd bang you in the restroom. I'll bet you 100 bucks that you couldn't get all your clothes off in 30 seconds. I like the way your wearing that shirt, but honestly honey, it'd look better on the floor. Your boobs are big (so) can I touch? (no) God gave you a gift and wants you to share it with the world Gee, for a fat girl you sure don't sweat much. Hey. My friends wanted me to come over here and ask you if they were fake. Can I sqeeze them to find out? Hey! tell your nipples to stop staring at my eyes. Are you going to that funeral? (What Funeral) The one where MY BALLZ drop dead in your mouth For a fat chick, you sure have small tits. Do you like wedges?, cause i'm gonna wedge this dick in yo mouth You can't spell Thrust without us. I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated The socks are having a party; can the pants come down? Hey baby, I got a back seat with your name on it. I was going to tell you a joke that'll make your tits fall off. But it looks like somebody beat me to it. I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good. I wish you were a pig(she asks why?)cause then youd have six...(point at her chest and wait for slap) hey baby do you want some of these,she says these what you say these nuts. You're ugly but you intrigue me. You have a nice body but it would look better in my bed with me in it. You're good at mathematics, right? Would you say 69 was a perfect square? What's a nice girl like you doing with a face like that? I didn't fart. My intestines just blew you a kiss. Screw me if I'm wrong but aren't you Julia Roberts. I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn. If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait till you see my Wookie. Your pants remind me of Vegas.... The kinda place I go to blow my Wad. I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickel Lets play circus, first sit on my face i'll guess ur weight and i'll eat the difference
My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name. What are your plans for tonight? Feel like a bible study? What's a nice girl like you doing at a First Saturday Rosary Cenacle like this? Nice bible. I would like to pray with you. You know they say that you have never really dated, until you have dated a christian. You want to come over and watch the 10 commandments tonight? Do you believe in Divine appointment? Are you religious? Good, because I'm here to answer your prayers. Damn girl, I know your going to hell because its got to be a sin to look that good Do you have a name, or do angels just have pretty faces? Let's do some things you'll need to tell your priest about tomorrow. You know how god created everyone you must have his best creation Is it a sin that you stole my heart? Sorry, but I couldn't help but noticing how cute you look in that ankle-length, shapeless, plaid jumper. Hi there. My buddy and I were wondering if you would settle a dispute we're having. Do you think the word should be pronounced HOMEschooling, or homeSCHOOLing? Confess here often?
Am I dead, Angel? Cause this must be heaven! Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? Do you want to go campin? Cause I'm pitchin a tent I'm not a photographer.....but I can picture us together. Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track. Good thing I Brought a map, because I just got Lost in your Eyes. Do you know karate? Cos damn it honey, your body is really kickin. Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position. Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open? Honey, I'm new in this town - dya think I could have directions to your house. Excuse me, I've lost my phone number - dya think I could have yours. Is your name homework? 'Cause I'm not doing you, but I should be. I hope you know CPR, cos you take my breath away! I've got the ship, you've got the harbor ... what say we tie up for the night? I've just moved you to the top of my 'to do' list. I'm gay but you might just turn me straight. Girl if you come to my house on Black Friday, all clothes will be 100 percent off. I'm not staring at your boobs, I'm staring at your heart. If I was your heart would you let me beat? I hope you're not a vegetarian... because I want to feed you some meat! I had a dream about you lastnight... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town I like your hair, can I pull it from behind? Screw me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before? You are a lightbulb because you just lit up my day That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed. Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good. Is that the sun coming up... or is that just you lighting up my world? Is your name Summer because you are hot! Are you a light switch? Cause I want to turn you on! Do you parents give you chores, cause your on my to-do list. A penny for your thoughts.... A dollar if you flash me I don't have a library card....but can I check u out? I think I could fall madly in bed with you. Do you beleive in Exorcism? [after they answer] because you've got me posessed! Your like an energy drink, I need you to keep going You have monkey wrench eyes, everytime i look into them my nuts tighten Excuse me but is this a one person boat because I would rock with you all night long! Is there grass on your field? Because i want to play ball!! Hey, I'm failing sex-ed, want to tutor me? Your like a casino, you've got so many slots I don't know which one to play with. Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged! Do you want to see something swell? What's your favorite silverware?..because I like to spoon! Is that a tic-tac in your blouse or are you just glad to see me? If you were a pole I would dance all over you. Honey, you give new meaning to the definition of 'edible' Hey, how did you do that? [What?] Look so good? Can I even get a fake number? Excuse me, you dropped something over there. My jaw. Te Quiero Are you THE MATRIX, casue I'M THE ONE. I'd buy you a drink, but I'd be jealous of the glass. Damn girl are you sick (wait for answer) no cause you making me blue Are you my boss? Cause you've been making me work all day Do you work for UPS / ParcelForce? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package. Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest? Hey you, Get off of my mind. Because I dont like thinking dirty thoughts. Girl you look so good I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of yall Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap hotel room across the street. Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus. I lost my virginity... can I have yours? Here is my libary card, because im checking you out Hey honey! How are the kids? (What are you talking about?) oH! i must be seeing the future!!! I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn. I have an F, a C, and a K. All I need is U. Hey babe ,I am a pirate and I want to take that booty home. Are you on the drumline? Because I want to play with your stick Do you have a quarter? I need to call your dad and thank him. I forgot on my way out this morining. I see theres a fire in your pants and im from the fire department and am willing to put it out with my hose? want to play with my submarine? It's long hard and full of seamen! Your too beautiful for words. Are your lips water?...because I'm feeling a bit dehydrated... Do you have a name, or do angels just have pretty faces? Walk up to her holding a quarter and say  I'll bet you this quarter I can kiss you without touching you Then kiss her and give her the quarter and say I lost.. Are you a unicorn cause your my fantasy I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. Turn to the girl sitting next to you at the bar and say, I'm not really this tall....I'm sitting on my wallet. You are the hottest thing since sunburn. Baby your so hot I need an oven mit just to touch You Your so sexy you make Paris Hilton look like a teletubbie walk up to the person and hand them 50 cents, and say Call your parents...ask them if you can stay out til 3:00 AM Hey baby want to see the pot of gold at the end of my rainbow Do you have a cigarette (she says no) then say i dont really want one i just wanted to talk to you Hey you want to go to the movies? you know eat some popcorn...have some sex I think you dropped something... my jaw.. Am I in heavin cause baby you just made my heart stop Is that a ladder in between your legs or is that the stair way to heaven [Walk up a girl and say] Do you like my ship.....its long hard and full of seamen? Congratulations! You've been voted Most Beautiful Girl In This Room and the grand prize is a night with me! It may look like a needle, but baby it works like a sowing machine! Did it hurt? When you fell from the sky and into my heart. My zipper is broke....... ..... .. . . want to fix it? Skiing pickup line: I'll lipslide your box if you tailslide my rail. I just got my sheets clean. Want to help me make them dirty. They say apples don't fall far from the tree, so that must mean your mom's hot too What's a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine? You know sometimes I still feel like a little kid wanting to be a hero for a book just so I could sweep someone as beautiful as you off their feet Hey, Are you a church person, If so lets go and make it heavenly Love is a sensation, caused by a temptation, to feel penetration. a guy sticks his location in a girl's destination, to increase the population for the next generation, did you get my explanation, or do you need a demonstration? I may not be able to knock bottom, but I'll scrape the shit out of the sides! Turn it down a bit!!! Im sweatin because of u! you walk by a girl and say are you looking at me. And if she says no say damn (walk up to somebody and start hitting them with your hand, or fist) *I'm hitting on you. Do you need some nicotine cause your body's smokin! you're like a dictionary you put meaning in my life Hi I'm (name) and no i dont plan on being this ugly for the rest of my life. Hey, im new in town, witch way to your house? My body is telling me yes. I hope yours is doing the same thing. You must be a pirate, because you can swash my buckle any day. Women always say men think with their dick so why don't you blow my mind! Do you see my friend over there? (point to a friend) well, he/she wants to know if you think IM cute. Every girl has a right to be cute, and girl, you prove that Are you naked,[No]Oh sorry it's just my imagination This is supposed to be a pick up line but, I own a FORD so.... You have a minute [no] I have two you can borrow one Hey! tell your nipples to stop staring at my eyes. Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad. my dad always told me to go after what i wanted. It just so happens, that tonight thats you. Hey a blind guy could tell your a cutie because your soo hot that you heat up the room (if you saw a pretty girl at a rummage sale then go up to her and say: Hey I didn't know this was yummage sale! Your so sweet, your givin me cavaties Put a dollar bill on her head and she asks what you did that for tell her its all you can eat for under a dollar Looks like Mr. Right didnt show, can i take his place? Damn Girl!! You've got more curves than a back country road. When I saw the sun today I thought it was the hottest thing, till I saw you. My two favorite letters of the alpabet E Z. Hey baby, do you have a cell phone? [if yes,] well you should use it to call your parents and let them know you won't be coming home tonight. Hey, do you know if there's a pool nearby, because you're making me hot. Go up to a biker chick and say: do u want some real horse power between your legs My hands are cold. So, why don't you come over so i can put them some place warm. Are you a private eye? Because it seems like you're watching me. Do you know where the nearest insane assylum is? Because baby, without you I'm going crazy. At closing time find a person alone and just simply walk up to them and politely ask.. So do you want to fuck or what? (at that point in the night what do you have to lose?) I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickel DANG BOY/GIRL IF I WAS THE A.B.C'S I'LL PUT U BETWEEN U N ME. Guy: You owe me money Girl: for what? Guy: because you have been living in my heart without paying rent< Boy: My eyes turn (insert your eye color here) when I'm with the person I love. Girl: I've only ever seen you with (insert eye color here) eyes. Boy: Well then... Boy:I'm gonna have to call 911 on You Girl: WHY! Boy: because u have committed a crime Girl: WHAT CRIME! Boy: when u sat on that GOR-GE-OUS ass of yours
You know what would make your face look better? (What?) My legs wrapped around it. I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y? Boy if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber Do you sleep on your stomach? Him: NO... You: Can I? Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy? Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot. I don't need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you. Boy is your name homework because I'm not doing you and I should be. My beaver is bored and wants to play, do you have any wood for my beaver today I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you. You can call me the Garbagewoman, cause I want to handle your junk. Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you. Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be. Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number? I'm not a construction worker, but I would like to use your wood. Is your name Lionel?, cause your made my panties Messi. Are you a football player? Because I'd like you touchdown there! My batteries are dead, can I borrow your dick? Are you a trampoline because I want to bounce on you? What's a nice guy like you doing with a body like that? You touch his shirt and ask, Is this cotton? Wait for response. Then touch down in the crotch area and say, Oh, this must be felt. Hey baby...I can suck a golf ball thru 50 feet of garden hose? They're called eyebrows cus my eyes are browsin your fine ass Aren't you the guy who gets fan mail from Ron Jeremy? I'd like to point out that beautiful has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together. Didn't you used to be known as John Holmes? Would you like a gin and platonic or a Scotch and sofa? I'm trying to quit smoking, want to give me a new oral fixation? Boy, are you the tiger from the Frosted Flakes box? Because you're looking Grrrrreat! Baby you be the tree, and I'll wrap around you like a koala bear I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you. Is your name Tom Brady? Cause you can inflate my uterus. Are you a parking ticket? Cause' you got fine written all over you. Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for. I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans You don't need car keys to drive me crazy. I love pick up trucks not pick up lines. Are you a smoke detector? Cause you're really loud and annoying. Your body is a wonderland and I want to be Alice. Are you on the drumline? Because I want to play with your stick. I love you with all my butt, I would say heart, but my butt is bigger. Hi! I'm Craven Morehead are you? You know what would go good on ur hot dog? Mayo So, does the IQ match, the shoe size? Do you eat tacos? (yes, why?) Because my Taco Bell is open Put a dollar bill on your head and when he asks what you did that for tell him its all you can eat for under a dollar Are you a burger because you can be the meat between my buns I'm wearing Revlon Colorstay Lipstick, want to help me test the claim that it won't kiss off?. I know you think im sexy, I know you think im fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away! (to a baseball player) Girl: are you a catcher? Guy: no or yes, why? Girl: cause you definitely caught my eye! Are you Yoda? Cause Yodalicious. I could hear your cock talking and it just told me to blow you.... a kiss! Hey, you look like a big strong guy. You think you could handle my p*ssy or is it too much for you? Hey baby...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch? I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right! Could you please step away from the bar ? You're melting all the ice Are you a dictionary? (Why?) Because you just gave me the definition of Gorgeous. You're so hot ; a firefighter couldn't put you out . Are you a carpenter? Because you can handle my wood. Is your name country crock, cause you can spread me anytime. Are my undies showing? [No.] Would you like them to? I'm French Horny for your tromboner. Are you as sweet as candy, cause I want to lick you like a lollypop. Are you a Veterinarian? (No Why) because I need you to look at my pussy... Are you a trampoline because I want to bounce all over you? You've got a lawyers ass! Yup its firm. Have you been to my yard? I make the best milkshakes Are you hunting for a hottie because im legal game. You want to melt in my mouth or in my hand? Do you train cats? (No, why?) Because you just made my p*ssy cum! You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth. You know what they say about men with big feet. Want to prove that to me? Hey sweetheart, can I oil your piston? Nice package let me help unwrap that! Guy: What's with all the winky faces? Girl: Because I had something in my eye and it happens to be you.
You can call me The Fireman....mainly because I turn the hoes on. Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me. Allow me to rescue you from your crowd of admirers. Hey can I follow you home? (What?) Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams. Girl we grown and he ain't gon treat you right, then I ain't gon treat you wrong. Do you have a composition notebook? Cause you can come position yourself on my face. Hi, I am focusing on both body and mind... because I don't mind your body. Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe Boy: How many letters are in the alphabet? Girl: 26! Boy: I thought there was 21? Girl: Umm, no! Boy: Oh I must have forgotten the letters U R A Q T I have 4 words for you Hol I Day Inn. I lost my pants, do you mind if I wrap your legs around me instead? Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest? They're called eyebrows cus my eyes are browsin your fine ass Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track. Girl, your really good at this catch and release thing. Every time I catch my breath around you, you make me lose it again. Gurl, do you have a shovel in your back pocket? (No Why?) because I'm diggin' that ass! Is your name Katniss, because you're starting an uprising in MY district. Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be. Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy? Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass! Hey, are your parents beavers, because DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number? When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin? I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y? Damn girl I must be looking for buried treasure, cause I am diggin' your chest. Do you want to have my children? No. OK, can we just practice then? Slow down, sugar, because Im a diabetic! I'd like to point out that beautiful has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together. Can I get your picture, I want to show Santa what I want for Christmas. I'm an Astronaut and my next mission is to go to URANUS Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? Do you work for UPS or Fedex? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package. I Have Raisins How Bout a Date I make more money than you can spend. want to have sex? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no. Do you have a name or can I call you mine? You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad. Are you a dictionary? (Why?) Because you just gave me the definition of Beautiful. Hey Baby. My underwear is completly stretched out. You know what that means. I'll bet gettinggg a date with you is more difficult than a five-finger prostate exam. Do you handle chickens because you look like you'd be good with cocks Hey, I lost my gun holester can I use yours? The only thing I want between our relationship is latex Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours? I'm having a party at your ankles... should I invite your pants down? Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knots. They call me the milky way...Pleasure You Can't Measure. You're so hot ; a firefighter couldn't put you out . You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they'd be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls Could you please step away from the bar ? You're melting all the ice I must be the Sun and you must be Earth, cause the closer we get, the hotter you become. I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun-with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime. You can kiss heaven goodbye cause its got to be a sin to look that good. Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business Excuse me for interrupting, and I'm not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if you're packing that much ass. I've been slightly depressed ever since my vasectomy. (Walk up to a woman, pause, and look, shake your head admiringly and say) Mission accomplished! I had to find out what kind of woman would go out dressed like that. Is your dad a lock smith because you have the keys to my heart. Is your dad a donkey? Cause you have a great ass! Is your dad a boxer? No Why? Because your one hell of a knock out!!! Is your daddy a hunter. 'cause your such a fox! Your father must be a thief because he stole the brightest star in the sky and put it in your eyes You must be a track star because you've been runnin marathons through my mind ALL day. Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable.
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful. Roses are red, violets are blue. If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you want to go Pokemon hunting tonight? Because I want to catch a pikachu (peek-at-chu)! I know your not a pokestop but Id still spin you around and tap that. I like to Pikachu when you're naked! There are a lot of Magicarp in the sea, but I'm looking for a Gyarados. You're such a good catch, I think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you. I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you. Do you want to battle? 'because my balls are at the ready! Groudon is red, Kyogre is blue, if you were a Pokmon, I'd choose you. Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs? Hey girl, lemme see them Jigglypuffs. My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail. Can I fingerbang you, with my Bulbasaur? If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen. Aye baby are you a flareon? because you're a sexy fox If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you. Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar. Want to register your number in my PokeNav? Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA. When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder. You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu. Hey girl are you into pokemon because I'd like to skwortle on dim jigglelypuffs Do you want to play my Poke Flute? Can I Squirtle on your Jiggleypuffs? Hey girl you make my caterpie go metapod I don't need my Poke-Dex to find YOUR Ghastly. Oh my! I think something may have mega evolved in my pants!!! -professor sycamore When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock! I've got Masterballs baby. Do you want my Wailord inside you. Do you want to play with my Poke Balls? Have you seen my master balls? I heard you cant escape them You want me to become Charmander? Cause my penis is on fire right now I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning. My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth. Are you a RARE CANDY? 'because I feel a level-up. If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU! My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer. Do you want to see what's in my ball bag? Do you want to see my POLI-WAG? Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night. Can I fertilize you with my sunkern? How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed? My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night. Your more beautiful than a Beautifly. Let's have a Togepi of our own! What's your favorite Pokemon move? Mine is LICK. You've got the lips of a Jynx! Can I get into YOUR Secret Base? You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world. Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there. Aye girl you know you want me to squirtle you The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.. How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian. How about you come and see my safari zone. Want to ride my emPOLEon? You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you. Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up. My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail! Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink - STD's are like Pokemon baby, gotta catch em all! want to help me out? Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine. Want to Link your cable onto me? I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you. You put the Wiggle in Wigglytuff. Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I. I want to see your Squirtle squirt. If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category. I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done. I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster. Are you a Hitmonlee cause your body is kickin'. You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants. You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano. You must be a Charmander because you're gettinggg me hot. Lets make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers. Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true. My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine! Don't make me use Water Gun all over you! Are you from the Hoenn Region? 'because you're the only HO I see. I want to Munchlax your Cloyster. I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean. How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you. My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!! I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town. Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung? Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you. You put the BONE in Cubone. I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress. My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT. Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, because your making me dizzy. I'd POUND you with my Piplup. You make me RY-HORNY! You just gave me a Cubone. My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE. I can make your Jigglypuffs sing. I can make your Milktanks moo. I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together. Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are? If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet! Pokeballs are red, Greatballs are blue, If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you. Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own. I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you! My Exeggcute are pretty weak. Let's battle so they can get some experience. want to watch my EKANS evolve? I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank. You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP! I want to spread HONEY on your Forretress. If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants. I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom. If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off. It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs! If I were a Clefairy, Id DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass. I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot. You put the cool in Tentacool. Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle Charmander is red, Squirtle is blue. If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you. Your smile is shiny Like a Hyperbeam. Like Jesse and James, We'd make a great team. I'll stay by your side like Misty and Ash, My love for you burns like A fast Rapidash. You're more legendary than Entei of Mew But out of a million, I choose you.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight? I asked Barack Obama if we could get together later, and he said Yes We Can! Lets role play I'll be Osama, You be a cave, and I'll hide up inside you My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory. Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down. You must be from Pearl Harbor, 'cause baby, you're the bomb. I want to do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people. The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising. You may not be my First Lady, but I'll make you feel like Jackie OH! Between 1 and America, how free are you tonight? Hi, I'm babe Lincoln, and I'm about to give you the Gettysburg undress. I'd like to stage an insurgency campaign in your Kandahar Province. Hey girl are you a member of the Proletariat? 'Cause I feel an uprising in my lower class. Are you from Holland? because amster-dayyyuuumm. Are you from Russia? Cause I'm Putin deez nuts on yo face Thank you for doing your part to keep this country beautiful. Do you work for the government? Cause your officially giving me a boner. If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln. I must be Uncle Sam, because I want you. Don't worry if you're only wearing stripes because I'll make you see stars tonight. I want to do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people. Are you a tower? Because eiffel for you You want to play Pearl Harbor... its a game where I lay back and you blow the hell out of me Is yur name Atilla because you can be my hun anytime! Are you Greek (If No) are you sure cause you look like a goddess to me? Are you from Pennsylvania cause I want to stick my pen in your sylvania
Your Daddy must have been a Baker, cos you got the nicest set of buns I've ever saw. Am I dead, Angel? Cause this must be heaven! Did you get those pants on sale? (Why?) Because at my house they would be 100% off! Excuse me miss, are you related to my keyboard? (No, Why?) Cause you're just my type! You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy. Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again? I know you haven't been studying, You must want the D Hey can I follow you home? (What?) Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams. Save a horse, ride a cowboy. Im an Astronaut and my next mission is to go to URANUS Girl why dont you do a houdini and make those clothes dissapper I hope you know CPR...because you take my breath away Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe Can I get your picture, I want to show Santa what I want for christmas. Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track. Do you know karate? Cos damn it honey, your body is really kickin. Excuse me, I've lost my phone number - dya think I could have yours. Are you a lumberjack.... cause you give me wood. Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I could see myself in your pants. I hope you know CPR, cos you take my breath away! Do you work for UPS / ParcelForce? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package. Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest? Did it hurt? (What) When you fell from heaven. Hey do you have an extinguisher cause your on FIRE! I'm not a photographer.....but I can picture us together. Drop The Zero And Get With a Hero! Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus. Do you have 10 cents cause from here you look like a dime I'm interested in breakfast with you. Shall I call or nudge? Look at you, with all those curves, and me with no brakes. I'm just a love pirate lookin' for some booty. Are you a hole in the ground, because i'm fallin for u! Love is a sensation, caused by a temptation, to feel penetration. a guy sticks his location in a girl's destination, to increase the population for the next generation, did you get my explanation, or do you need a demonstration? Hi I'm the new milkman would u like in the front or back? Do you have a map? No why? Because I got lost in your eyes. If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put you between F and CK Come here! (put her hand in your) pants u feel that? want it in your belly? Excuse me, but I DO think it's time we met. Are you a light switch? Cause I want to turn you on! Hey, how did you do that? [What?] Look so good? If I had a nickle for everytime a saw a woman as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents. Are you tired? Cause you've been running through my mind alllll day. Are you a virgin?... because your lookin pretty tight today Are you from tennessee? Because your the only ten i see! If i told you the word of the day was legs. would you come to my place and spread the word? Hey..nice legs..what time do they open? Did it hurt? girl: did what hurt? when you fell from heaven. Is your last name pepper cause your SMOKIN! I can give you what a snow storm can, 10 to 12 inches and u wont be able to leave the house for three to four days. I know milk does the body good, but Dang... How much have you been drinking? You look so cute standing there you diserve a prize, dinner with me!! Is there a keg in your pants, cause baby I want to tap that ass Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? Excuse me is your dad a lumber jack? Girl: No. why? cause everytime i look at you i get wood in my pants Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. Do your feet hurting cos you have been running throug my mind all day
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together. The word of the day is legs. Let's say we head back to your place and spread the word. Girl, you gotta be tired because you been runnin through my mind all day.
I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue. Like my belt buckle? (Why?) It would look better on your forehead! God wants us to be together. That's why he gave us the same parents! If I were a tractor and you were a plow, I would definitely hook up with you. Let's go fishing, I'll be the rod, you be the fish and later on we'll hook up!. If you think this buckle is big wait till you see what's behind it. My Love fer you is like diarrhea - I kin't hold it in. If I were a tractor and you were a plow, I would definitely hook up with you... Are yer parents retarded? 'because ya sure are special. Country boys don't need pick-up lines, cause they've got pick-up trucks. Girl you must be my cousin cause I want to do you. You go curves like a racetrack, and tonight, I'm gonna be your Ricky Bobby. Did you fart? 'because you just blew me away! Can I borrow your t-shirt? I gotta go wipe the oil off my dip stick. Well, aren't you hotter than a mama cougar in heat running from my hunting dogs in August? Hey Baby. want to go back to my place? Mamma said you had to be home by 10 anyway. You might not be the best lookin girl here but beauty's only a light switch away. Yer eyes are as blue as window cleaner. If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together. I'll go the country mile to see that country smile. Is there a mirror in yer pants? 'because I can see myself in em. Hey you looking for a stud in your life? Cause I got the STD all I need is U Yer face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it, my nuts tighten up. I bet your father was a good farmer, cause you're one fine hoe Hey babe...do you realise that my mouth can generate over 3000 rpm? Oh, you live in the country......... I'd like to check you for ticks! If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd sure shootin' put U and me together. I Like My Girls Like My Koolaid Sweet And Go Down Easy.. Hey baby, nice tooth. I may not have as many teeth as Fred Flinstone, but want to watch me make my bedrock? Can I make you a drink? My still is in the back of my camper- Or as I call it- my sheep shack. Well, tie me to a pig and roll me in the mud! You are mighty purdy for a heavy girl. Baby, you are prettier than a beer truck pulling into my driveway. Tell me honey ham, did it hurt when the devil spit you up and you landed here? If you were a tree and I was a squirrel, i'd store my nuts in you. Are you a garbage can because I'm trash and I want to be inside of you. Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable. Hey you remember that BBQ, when I slapped my meat on you grill. Your Ass Looks Nice, does it need servicing cause I got a wrench and some screws just for you. If yer gunna regret this in the mornin, we kin sleep til afternoon. I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him? I think he went into this cheap motel room. Hi there darling. Wow, I bet you were really hot when you were about my age! Roses are red. Spend the night with me and I'll teach you all kinds of cool scientific stuff like that! You're hair is just about as purdy as that squirrel's I skinned this morning. And it smells just as good! A few more beers, and I'd probly do ya. So give me a minute darling, and then I'll give you one!
Are you religious? 'Cause your prayers have just been answered. Would you touch me so I can tell my friends that I've been touched by an angel? Are you Greek? No? I thought all gods (goddesses) were Greek. Let me check out your tag -- yep, just what I thought. Made in Heaven. You can kiss heaven goodbye cause its got to be a sin to look that good. You know they say that you have never really dated, until you have dated a christian. You want to come over and watch the 10 commandments tonight? Do you believe in Divine appointment? Is your daddy a Pastor? Cause that body is preachhhing to the choir. Hey girl, what are you giving up for lent, because you should be giving up dat ass. I have a snake and he wants to enter your garden. Do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and savior. I might not be Mormon, but I'm MoreMan that you've ever seen. You have an ass like the North Star....... Wise men will follow it. The fact you are in my life shows God loves me. They Call Me God Of Thunder...I'm going to hammer you Dry! Are you a Jehovah's Witness? Cause I'm about to bend Jehovah and let you witness this dick. Are you Jesus,cause those are some holy jeans Hey girl. My potato is moist and I'm ready to part your red sea. If you're here, who's running heaven? You must be the North Star, because the light around you guided me here God must of been in a good mood when he made you. Are you a angel? cause I'm allergic to feathers * fake sneeze * Excuse me, but I believe one of your ribs belong to me. I claim you in the name of JESUS! Where do you hide your halo? Hey, Are you a church person, If so lets go and make it heavenly You know how god created everyone you must have been his best creation Confess here often? You are the whole reason God invented boners. I'd fuck you so good, you'd think I was your priest. My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name. A lot of people think Scientology is a cult but that's not true. In fact, I want you to come to a meeting with me tomorrow to prove it. No I insist, you will come to the meeting tomorrow! You don't want the Thetans to eat your soul do you? Stare at him/her til they say What? then be like sorry i just looking at you and realized where god put my other half
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley? Want to grab some Java? Hey baby, what's your OS? Did you just break one of Asimov's Three Laws? Because you've got fine written all over you. I'm going to void your warranty! My docking station or yours? Yes, I know you're metric- but I'm willing to convert. I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby. I support portrait and landscape modes. Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash? If I were a function(), would you call me? It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me? Commencing explosive containment procedures, why? Because you are the bomb. Nice Bolts want to screw? If you were an engine I would be your fuel injector. Can you lube my joint. Do you got a free port for me to plug into? roses are #FF0000 / violets are #0000FF / all my base / belong to you. Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port. I bet I can decrypt your code Is 2GB really your maximum RAM capacity? I heard otherwise... I can't Force Quit You Youtube Myspace and i'll Google your Yahoo! I hope you have an accellerometer, because I'm gonna rock your world. Rusting is red, and my chipset's blue. Will you let me assimilate you? Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1 I've got a case of WD-40 in the back, want to get drunk? Would you like a demo of my multitouch capabilities? You had me at Sign In. Damn girl, just because you have wi-fi doesn't mean you should connect with everyone who sends you a signal! Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes. Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again? want to touch my mouse? Do you like it when I touch your PCI Slot? You are making my floppy drive hard. Let's lose ourselves in some mindless repetitive tasks.... if you know what I mean. When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive. Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world! I'm a cybernetic orgasm. Living tissue over metal Bellend-oskeleton I'll show you my source code if you show me yours Hey baby, I am backward compatible, to service all your legacy needs. I need you to load your floppy disk into my hard drive. want to be debugged? You must be tired because you've been running your code through my cpu all night Hey baby, my name's Vista, can I crash at your place tonight! Was that my CPU malfunctioning or did I just feel a spark between us? Beep beep boop beep beep beep boop sex You make my interface GUI Can I have your ip number? i seem to have lost mine. Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy? because i can see myself in them.
Chem students do it on the table periodically You're like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere! Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine. If i was an enzyme, i'd be DNA helicase so i could unzip your genes Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because your cute Are you my Appendix, cause I have a gut feeling I should take you out. Billions of neutrinos penetrate you every second...Mind if I join in? I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force. You must be auxin, because your causing me to have rapid stem elongation. Girl you must be made of Florine, Iodine, and Neon, because you are FINe You must be calcium bicarbonate, because if you let me get you wet, then the reaction will be explosive. Baby, everytime i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up Are you made of copper? Cause I Cu in a relationship with me. You know why Men are so much sexier than women? Because you can't spell sexy without xy. I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U. My bond length might be short, but it can still give you some electron density Let's find out our combined volume, by displacing the water in my water bed You must be a compound of beryllium and barium...because your a total BaBe. You're so hot that you would make a nuclear reactor melt down. Your so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract. (Muscles that make you smile) Babe you must be a neuron, because you got some action potential Are you chloroplast cause you'd be good on my stem. Want to test the spring constant of my matress? We have great chemistry, lets do some biology I must be a diamond now, because you just gave me a hardness of 10 Baby you've definitely got potential, my place would be a great place to convert it to kinetic When you and me get together it's like superposition of 2 waves in phase. You are the HCl to my NaOH, lets make sweet love and make an ocean together Is it gettinggg hot in here? or is it just our bond that is forming? Girl gave me Arsenic Sulfide so I tore that AsS up Baby you must be made of mica rock because you have perfect cleavage You must be related to Alfred Nobel, because baby you are dynamite! Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency? Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you? You know.. it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force If i was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough? I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you. If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm? Lets meet somewhere... you bring your beaker and I'll bring my stirring rod Lets get together and test the spring potential of my matress Let's discover our coefficient of friction You be Flourine and I'll be Francium and maybe later I can give you an electron My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia tells me I love you You must be chlorine cause you are polarizing my bond! Baby if you let your acid react with my base, you can count on gettinggg 100 MOLES of my water and salt That dress would look better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s/s I want to stick to u like glue-cose Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you. Hi does your body consist of Oxygen and Neon?, because you are the ONe. Baby, I can feel an attraction between you and me, and it's more than just our universal gravitation... If I could rearrange the periodic table, I'd put Uranium and Iodine together. Baby, we've got chemistry together... next period. Hey pretty lady, Scientists are still trying to find a reason for your amazing beauty. what should i tell them? My psychiatrist sent me for an MRI because she thinks I have a magnetic personality. How about we make like the change of base law, with you on the bottom, and me on top? Hey baby if i supply the voltage and you a little resistance, imagine the current we can make together. (V=IR => (V/R)=I) Baby stop with diet coke, you've got plenty of ASSpertame Are you on the periodic table? 'Cause you are SODIUM fine Even if there was no gravity left on earth I'd still fall for you. it's a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause i'm gonna make you sweat hey baby, lets figure out the torque of your mass on my rod Baby girl are you jet fuel? Cause your melting me away. You're so hot, you must be the cause for global warming. Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state? I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed. Are you full of Beryllium, Gold, and Titanium, because you are Be-Au-Ti-Ful Let's make like a transcription factor and response element and turn things on. If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential. Let's convert our potential energy to kinetic energy. Baby you give my electrons a positive charge You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power! Baby, together U and I make uranium iodide (UI3) Do you like Science?, cause tonight your gonna sample my DNA Can I bombard your singularity with my rocket ship until you supernova? Let's work out our orbicularis oris muscles together! The direction fields of my heart all point to you Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you. Hello... I've been admiring your bacterial signature. I believe you and I could prove the Lock and Key model later tonight Want to be my substrate/enzyme? baby lets measure the amplitude of our physical wave If I was a plant you'd make my roots extend Baby, you must be a start codon because you are turning me on. want to alkylate my alkoxide? It's nucleophilic and ready to backside attack the halogen out of you. Baby, you must be a pile of dinosaur bones, cause I dig you! Not only are we scientists, but we have the ability to do each other on a table, periodically. Baby, I'm like an oceanic plate on a gravity slide - I can't wait to subduct beneath your crust! You're so hot you denature my proteins If you were Anatomy, then I'd be Physiology because they always go together! Hey, up for some high-energy quantum tunnelling tonight? If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine! Girl whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away If you were C6, and i were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar... You must be a magnetic monopole because all i get from you is attraction I just bought a molecular model kit, want to play with my stick and balls? Girl are you a chaged atom, because I've got my ion you. You be the battery, I'll be the aluminum foil and together we'll light up the world. Forget hydrogen you're my number one element Are you a scientist? Because I Lab you You are like a proton in my core--without you i could never be the same. Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters? Baby, if you were oceanic crust and I was a continent, I'd let you subduct so we can make hot hot magma. Hey baby, want to form a zygote? You're a moving electric charge, and I'm a moving magnetic charge... want to flux? If you were an element, you'd be Francium, because you're the most attractive I don't need neurons to stimulate your sensory system. If I could program the universe, I would allocate you and I in contiguous memory blocks. Are you a non volitaile particle? Because you raise my boiling point. If you were a laser, you'd be set on stunning. (To a scientist) hey can I put my Bunsen In your air-hole? You must be a cell, cause my DNA is all in you. My love for you is like the universe...never ending! I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex. Hey baby, can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction. I'm A Twig.....You're A Twig......Lets Rub Together And Make A Fire. Baby, if you let me pump my H+ ions into your intermembrane space, it would induce a massive conformational change in my f1 complex. I'd be the photon to your electron and take you to an excited state. Did you know math is just like sex? First you have to Subtract your clothes, Add yourself to the bed, Divide your legs, then there's a 50 % chance that you will multiply. Baby, if you were oceanic crust and I was a continent, I'd let you subduct so we can make hot hot magma. What say we slip between my beta-pleated sheets and you get to know my alpha-helix? Baby, i'm gonna break you like a large non-polar substance breaks a phospholipid bilayer! How about you Palmitoylate my protein, so i can drive it into your lipid raft.
How about I take you home and show you my medicine cabinent! My arteries aren't the only things that have hardened. Do you know how strong an artificial hip is? (No) me neither but enough to break the ice. My name is.... I would sink my teeth into dat booty but they might just stay there. How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security. My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should. gettinggg lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that. My war buddies over there bet I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the room. want to buy some drinks with there money? How would you like to help me feel like a kid again. I might be a retired photographer, but I can still picture us together. If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say I Love You Are you a cat lady? Well I'm the cat whisperer cause I know exactly what the pussy needs. Girl I'd fake being a blind old man, just to touch you inappropriately. You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you. After I retired I have spent a lot of time gardening, but now all I can think about is putting your tulips and my tulips (two-lips) together. Did I tell you, I'm filthy rich and my mother is dead? Is your name Viagra, cause I don't think they will be able to close my casket after a night with you. Just wait until you see the size of my......social security check. Baby is your name Cholesterol, because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!. How'd you like to be in my will? Your company is so delightful, I'm contemplating putting a new battery in my hearing aid. My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name. Sorry, but I couldn't help but noticing how cute you look in that ankle-length, shapeless, plaid jumper. Old Man: Where have you been all my life? Woman: For the first half of it, I wasn't even born yet. My dick is like catnip, it'll make a cougar like you go wild. I won't love you for the rest of your life, I'll love you for the rest of mine. I'm retired, so you know I have the time to please you. I have lived a long life and I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you. My sons a drug dealer, so trust me when I say Your Dope God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to spend a lifetime to find you and tell you, you are the second one. Your so sweet, your giving my dentures cavaties. Roses or daises? Now I know what flowers to put on your casket when I murder that pussy. Ever done it in a Craftmatic adjustable bed? I wrote your name in the sky but the clouds blue it away. I wrote your name in the sand but the waves wash it away. I wrote your name in my heart and forever it will stay. Old Man: You make me feel like a newborn baby! Woman: Because you have no hair and no teeth? Old Man: No, cause I just wet my pants.
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion. Boy: Have u ever been fishing before Girl: Why? Boy: I think we should hook up! If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me? You might not be a Bulls fan, but I know you felt it when this D rose. Hey gurl, how about you make like the Patriots and deflate these balls. Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on ur knees! Do you play basketball? Cause my balls are in your court. If you were a baseball and I was a bat would you let me hit that? You run track?, cause I heard you relay want this dick. Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off. I bet your like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch! Can I get your jersey? (What?) You know your name and number. Do you like jocks? Cause I'm gonna drag my nuts lacrosse your face. If you were a pair of Nike sneakers id be in and outta you all day. As a baseball player, I know my way around the bases. My guitar teacher says my fingering is good, especially on the G-string I heard you like lifting weights, then you'll love to lift these nuts into yo mouth You must be worthy, 'cause you can totally lift my hammer. If you were a baseball mit, would you catch my fly balls? Can you call a lifeguard? Because I'm drowning in your eyes... Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day? Lets play midget boxing, get on your knees and give me some blows Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions....Just letting you know! What's new, tennis shoe? Nothings better than hitting it with a winner. Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire... I have a saddle, but no horse. I guess you'll have to ride me instead. Do you like yoga? Cause yoganna love this dick Did you go swimming earier or did I get you wet? I hear your thirsty? Well I've got a six pack right here! I bet you play soccer because you're a keeper. I'm the biggest lady-killer in Buffalo since O.J. Simpson. Im tired from beating two guys up, but I would like to bang you tonight. Is your name Lionel?, cause your made my panties Messi. Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more Are you a bad soccer player cause you can suck on my balls. Do u play bingo? (Yes) because I would sure like to dab you How about me and you go play dress up, I'll be the knight in shining armor and you can be my noble steed, that way I get to ride you all day! If I gave you my shoe, would you step into my life? Have you heard the latest health report? it said you need to increase your daily intake of vitamin me Girl pick up your saddle because you can ride my pony all night long Did you just rob a bank because I can be your getaway Do you have any tape? Cause these babies are ripped. (flash your biceps) Do you follow Manchester, cause I see us United. You're more beautiful than a hundred pink flamingos on a golf course. Do you know Karate, cause I don't want you to kick me when I grab your ass. Do you know the Tango, because your dancing away with my heart. Are you here for the fencing lesson, because I'm about to shove it in Are you Mount Everest? Cause I want to get on top of you. Are you the Dallas Cowboys? Because it appears you are lacking a consistent D. You must be puffing a blunt cause I get too high around you I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. Are you a surfboard?, cause you look like you need a waxing before I can take a ride. I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight. Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you. Is your name Tom Brady? Cause you can inflate my uterus. Sex burns 300 calories per hour, want to exercise? Is this a heavy metal band cause girl i want to ROCK with you! You gonna call my dick James, because it looks like a Rocket when it HARDENS. If you were a baseball could I hit a homerun Do you know what the Ravens and I have in common? Good D Some people like to watch the Olympics because they happen once every four years but I'd rather talk to you because talking to someone as special as you only happens once in a lifetime. I'm about to dive into the sea...that pu-sea Girl is your name baseball, cause I just want to hit it. You be the Knicks and I'll bring the Heat! I own the best roller coaster in the world want to ride it? Hey, did ya know I'm part of a soccer team? (Really?) Yeah, hopefully I score tonight. Hey, a one horse open sleigh isn't the only fun thing to ride. Can you catch? Cause I have 2 balls comin at ya. Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain. You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here. If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up? Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion Do you want to see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants! Lets play railroad I'll be the train and ur the tunnel Are you a ping pong table? because you ping pong my balls Skiing pickup line: I'll lipslide your box if you tailslide my rail. want to play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you. Guy: want to go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because theres a goalie doesnt mean you cant score. You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Did you ever realize screw rhymes with me and you? Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest? My two favorite letters of the alpabet E Z. Theres a party in my pants and your invited. I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be? Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours? Hey, why go for the best when you can go for the rest? Come here or my dick will start CUMING for you! Don't be so picky.... I wasn't! I just shit in my pants... Can I get in yours? I lost my virginity... can I have yours? I may not be able to knock bottom, but I'll scrape the shit out of the sides! My body is telling me yes. I hope yours is doing the same thing. Is there a magnet in your pants? (Why?) Cause I'm attracted to your buns of steel! Here is $30. Drink until I am really good looking, then come to talk to me. Girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick! The only thing I want between our relationship is latex It may be a needle, but it works like a sewing machine Do you need a napkin? Because you look DIRTY!!! Save a horse, ride a cowboy. I'm gay but you might just turn me straight. What's your favorite silverware?..because I like to spoon! Is that a tic-tac in your blouse or are you just glad to see me? Be unique and different, just say yes. If I filp a coin what are my chances of gettinggg head? Hey there you look good, how many guys do I have to wait behind? Nice socks, can I try them on? Blonde, James Blonde Jr. Hey, somebody farted. Lets get out of here! You've got the whitest teeth I have ever seen! Excuse me, I seem to have lost my phone number, can I please borrow yours? Can I have directions? to your heart? Hi, are you legal? No, your to hot to be legal. I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you. Nice socks, can I try them on? Can I carry your books? Your father must be a drug dealer, because you dope! Hi, will you reject me if I try and pick you up? So I heard you got the hots for me! Are you tired? because you've been running around in my mind all day! Are those space pants? because your legs are out of this world! Do you mind if I stare at you up close, instead of from across the room? Hey baby, got any cavities? Are you a model? If beauty were measured in seconds, you'd be an hour! Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money? I've got a thirst baby, and you smell like my Gatorade! Hey, I'm bored. Entertain me and I'll buy you a beer. Hi, the voices in my head tole me to come over and talk to you. Hey honey, I got money! Are you Sweadish? because you're the sweetish girl I've met! My name is Peter Pan, because I can take you to Never Never Land. If I followed you home, would you keep me? Do you have a map? I just keep gettinggg lost in your eyes. Are you O.K.? because it's a long fall from heaven. I'm sorry, I'm an artist and it's my job to stare at beautiful women! I know I don't look like much now, but I'm drinking milk. What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room? You must be from Tennassee! Because you are the only TEN I see! Do you alway wear your shoes over your socks?
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you. Do you have a map? Cos Honey, I just keep gettinggg lost in your eyes. You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea. Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future. How was Heaven when you left it? You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. Honey, you give new meaning to the defintion of 'edible'. I think I can die happy now, because I've just seen a piece of heaven. You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears. My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must the be queen of hearts. I'm no organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart. When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one. Excuse me...Hi, I'm writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you. Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are clear like the ocean? Because I can see straight into your soul. If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever. I wish I was one of ur tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips. Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes. It's not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me. God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen; until I met you.. Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes. I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U? What time do you have to be back in heaven? there are many fish in the sea but you're the only one that's caught my eye Everything about you is perfect except one thing, you aren't married to me. If your heart was a prison, I would want to be sentenced to life. When I'm older looking back at all of my finest memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.  If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors..don't be alarmed, babyqirl..you're just in my heart Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'! Girl, your really good at this catch and release thing. Every time I catch my breath around you, you make me lose it again. I think you've got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it's just a sparkle. Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you. I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. Lets commit the perfect crime, I'll steal your heart and you'll steal mine. If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty. When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one. Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel? Oh gosh gal your eyes look like falling stars. Hey baby! You know you're just like the sun, your beauty is blinding! If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say I Love You Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over. Hi, my friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. I think you're absolutely gorgeous. Do you wear contacts?! (she says no...) Because your eyes are just so beautiful! Are You Blood,Cause My Heart Cant Survive Without You I was gonna say something really sweet about you but when I saw you I was speechless. We must be near an airport, because my heart just took off when I saw you! I always get cuts and bruises because every single day, minute and second i keep on falling in love with you Your eyes are as blue as the sea after a storm Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more. If I walked a milimeter for everytime I thought of you, I would have walked across the Earth a million times (On a rainy day) I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes. Whoever said that no one is perfect has never seen you. There aren't enough O's in the word smooth to describe how smooth you are. If you know a person's name: Hi, [name]. How did you know my name? Isn't every beautiful girl named that? Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knots. (give a dozen plastic roses) I'll stop loving you, when these roses die. May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you? If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizard. You look like the morning sun after a long night of darkness. Your eyes are so blue I feel like I'm in the sky when I'm with you. If I got a star for every time I thought of you, I would have a whole galaxy. This morning I saw a beautiful flower...and thought of you. Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together? If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd only have a dollar because you never leave my mind. You stole my heart, so can I steal your last name? If I knew I was going to die tomorrow, I would spend every second today thinking about you. If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity. Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen my heart. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad. Your eyes are as blue as the ocean, and baby im lost at sea Your so sweet, your giving me cavaties the only crime i will ever commit is stealing your heart You want to know who makes my life complete? Read the first word in this sentence If I was your heart would you let me beat? I now believe in Angels. Do you believe in fate? If you had eleven roses and you looked in the mrror; then you'd see twelve of the most beatiful things in the world. How does it feel? she ask's what; you say 2 be the only star in the sky It took 3 tries to approach you. I kept loosing my breath ... Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet. You: Can I borrow a quarter? She: why? ( if she says sure or something else get her to ask you why) You: so I can call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. (have something prepared to quickly follow through) My life is so sad and lonely (why) because your not in it Hey baby do you like a man that can carry big things because I have the biggest sweetheart I'll put a tear drop in the ocean. When you find it is when I'll stop loving you. I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you I know I don't have a library card but can I check you out? We're like a 4-Leaf clover. You're the C and I'm the R, and there's love in between us. Are you an angle? Because you're so acute. Your heart stops when you sneeze. Kind of like what happens when I think of you.
You've got a lovely pair of W-2's. Please, baby, let me withhold you. Technically, having sex with me is a charitable gift. Does the IRS work for 24hrs? I don't think so. Well that's too bad, because I could tax that ass all night! In my office, 'I.R.S.' stands for 'I'm really sexy.' If I help you screw Uncle Sam, can I be next? You're entitled to a $5,000 tax break on your municipal bond income...now let's do it. Let's fill out a 1040 -- you're a 10, and I'm 40. You're the kind of girl I could take home to mother -- which is good, since I still live with her. Lady, you make my pants file for an extension. Nice assets.
You on twitter? Get at me? Be my date and I'll #FollowFriday you every day of the week. I'm twitterpated with you. I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are. If Twitter is a meat market, you must be the prime rib. You must be twitter because I been followin you all day You're so hot, you must have more followers than @aplusk Your twitters make my heart flitter. Roses are red. Violets are blue. If you're seeing this tweet, I <3 you. Tweet your mother 'thank you' for giving birth to something as gorgeous as you. Do you believe in love at first tweet? Or should I tweet you again? Fancy tweeting someone like you in a place like this. Let's direct message_all_night_long_ #kiss #sex Tweet here often? Was that an earthquake or did u just tweet my world? I may not be a genie but I can make your tweets come true. Who cares about celebrities? You're the only star in my twitterverse. I usually don't follow the first night but for you I'll make an exception. Do you know why the Twitter bird is blue? Cause it's so far away from you. I wouldn't trade your follow for all of Gary Vaynerchuk's. I could read your random thoughts all night long. want to go back to my house and #? Oh can't you see, how your tweets please me. Every breath you take, every tweet you make, I'll be following you.
Sorry I didn't get you a box of chocolates for valentines day but if you want something sweet and smooth I'm right here. Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. want to go on an ate and be my alentine? Don't worry I'll give you the VD later. Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff. all my base are belong to you, I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me? Once you get shot by cupid, the rest look just stupid! Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time? Your weiner is the only one for my buns this Valentine's Day
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2. Are you a video game cause I think your my Destiny Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together. Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful. Girl, I got more game than a PS4! Roses are red, violets are blue. If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you Is your name Joy. Cause I want you to jump on my stick? Are you made of Diamonds, because I'm digging you. Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian. Is your daddy Scorpion?, cause when I saw you all I could think is Come here. I like to Pikachu when you're naked! I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you. My Creeper gets excited when it sees how hot you look.(Minecraft) What do you say I take my flag to your base and score? Hey girl do you play Minecraft? Because if you do I sure want to play creative with you! Are you a magic feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away. If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago Are you an Xbox 360? Cause I'll fuck you till you got 3 red rings. want to leave this lobby and go into a private match? If i was mario, you would be my only star. You must be from nether, because you are out of this world. Everytime we meet, I feel like the Creeper in my pants is about to explode. Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow. I'm like a plasma grenade. Let me get on you and you are guaranteed to explode. I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear? How many COD points does it take to unlock you? Are we playing Minecraft? Cause your like a pressure plate, turning me on.
Is your name Ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other. Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you want to be rolling in the D. Hi, can I get your baseball jersey? (What?) You know your name and number! Girl is your name baseball, cause I just want to hit it. Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious. Your name must be Daisy, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here! You can call me FedEx because I've got a big package with your name on it. Are you a Fred Astaire because your dancing away with my heart. Is your name Gillette, because your the best a man can get. Is your name Grace? Cause you're amazing. Is your name Google? Cause you have everything i'm searching for. Let me guess, your name is Gorgeous Gurl are you Hailey because you so slim and so shady. I'm like Harry Houdini, I can make your cloths disappear in a snap. Girl your eyes are bluer than Heisenbergs crystal. Your name must be Jelly, cause jam don't shake like that. Is your name Joy. Cause I want you to jump on my stick? Is your name jingle bells? Because you look like you go all the way! Is your name Katniss, because you're starting an uprising in MY district. Is your name Katrina? (No, why?) 'because baby, I want to rock you like a hurricane! Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods. Is your name Molly, cause your making me overdose. My name is Peter Pan, because I can take you to Never Never Land. Call Me Pooh because all I want is you honey. Is your name Sabado? Cause that ass is Gigante Aye girl, they call me Snow Day.... because I'm gonna get drunk and sled all over you. Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls. Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell. My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night! I'm no Tiger Woods, but I am a Tiger, and I have Wood If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine Damn baby, is your name Wi-Fi? Cause I'm sure feeling a strong connection Do you have a name or can I call you mine? Your name must be (your car here) because my backseat has it written all over. The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. I'm not a big fan of your last name but don't worry, I can change that. Hey beautiful. That's your name, right? Hey didn't catch your name, i would call you HONEY, but you are much sweeter than that. Do you listen to Jason Derulo? Cause everytime I see you I want to sing your name. Hey girl is your name Alice in Wonderland because I'd fall into your rabbit hole
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 fake, 1 real and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
I think you just stole something. [What’s That?] My heart.
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
Did it hurt when you fell? [Huh?] When you fell from heaven?
100+ Cute and Romantic Pickup Lines
100+ Cute and Romantic Pickup Lines
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
I lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me?
I’m not drunk, baby…I’m just intoxicated by you.
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away.
Are you ok? Because heaven is a long fall from here…
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something…MY JAW!
Can I borrow a quarter? [What for?] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the woman of my dreams.
Do you have a map? I keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a library card? Because I am checking you out.
Do you have a quarter? I want to call my mom and thank her.
I’m new in town…can you give me the direction to your apartment?
There must be something wrong with my eyes…I can’t take them off you.
I must be lost. I thought paradise wasn’t on earth.
So did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
You dropped something…my jaw!
Can you recommend a bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you.
Were you arrested earlier? It has got to be illegal to look that good.
You might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa want for Christmas?
Hey, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Somebody better calls God because he’s missing an angel. So what time do you have to be back in heaven?
Sorry lady but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and me together.
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Do you have a Bandaid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.
If you were the new burger at McDonalds you would be the McGorgeous!
You must be in a wrong place – the Miss Universe contest is over there.
Girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy!
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the room instantly became beautiful.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas?
Do you have the time? (she gives you the time) No, the time to write my number down.
Hey, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Are your legs tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day long.
Are you lost? Because heaven’s a long way from here.
Are you a parking ticket? (What?) You got fine written all over you.
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and me together.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Was that an earthquake, or did you just rock my world?
I may not be a genie but I can make your dreams come true.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
I hope your day is as radiant as your smile.
I know I’m not a grocery item but I can tell when you’re checking me out.
Are you a magnet? Because I’m attracted to you…
Baby, you’re like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my back? A little kid with wings just shot me.
What does it feel like to be the cutest girl in the room?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
(Note: Don’t use this pick up line on women who are extremely hot and KNOW it. This one is effective on a girl who is attractive, but is clearly NOT the best-looking girl in the place.)
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
I can die happy now, cause I’ve just seen a piece of heaven.
I feel like Richard Gere, I’m standing next to you, the Pretty Woman.
I know why Solomon had 600 wives because he never found you.
I think I must be dying because I’m looking at Heaven.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
I’d love to wake up next to you in the morning.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
I think God took the color from the ocean and put it in your eyes.
My dad was Fred Astaire, and my mom was Ginger Rogers. Would you like to dance?
God was showing off when he made you
You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny; it keeps going and going.
Hey, you know Dr. Phil says I am afraid of commitment….Do you want to prove him wrong?
And then, there’s another category of non-cute pickup lines. I call these…
Do you know what has 142 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? [What?] My zipper.
That outfit would look great…in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
That’s a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I’ll bet you $10 my dick can’t fit into your mouth.
I want to floss with your pubic hair.
I want to use your thighs as earmuffs.
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks?
If I was a dog, would you help me bury my bone?
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
If you were a car, I’d wax you and ride you all over town.
If you were camping and woke up with a used condom inside you, would you tell anyone? (No) want to go camping?
If your left leg was Thanksgiving and your right leg Christmas, can I visit you between the holidays?
If you’re going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
Don’t walk into that building   the sprinklers might go off!
You remind me of a pop tart. (Why?) You’re cool cause you’re hot!
Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist?
Hi. My name is {name}. I’m running for president in 2012. And I could sure use your vote. Here…write down your number and I’ll call you to discuss my platform.
Is your daddy a thief? [No.] Then how did he steal the sparkle of the stars and put it in your eyes? [Be ready with a snappy answer in case they say yes.]
Is your name Gillette? Because you’re the best a man can get
Baby did you fart, because you blow me away!
Baby, somebody better calls God, because he’s missing an angel!
[Look at his/her shirt label. When they say, What are you doing?, say Checking to see if you were made in heaven.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
I’m invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Are you a parking ticket? (What?) You got fine written all over you.
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
You must be the cause of global warming because your hot!
I’m not Fred Flintstone but I can definitely make your bed rock!
I want to get all hot and sweaty and listen to you breathe hard… so, you want to go running?
She walks in beauty, like the night
Of cloudless climes and starry skies;
And all that’s best of dark and bright
Meet in her aspect and her eyes;
Thus mellowed to that tender light
Which heaven to gaudy day denies.
One shade the more, one ray the less,
Had half impaired the nameless grace
Which waves in every raven tress,
Or softly lightens over her face;
Where thoughts serenely sweet express,
How pure, how dear their dwelling-place.
And on that cheek, and over that brow,
So soft, so calm, yet eloquent,
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,
But tell of days in goodness spent,
A mind at peace with all below,
A heart whose love is innocent!
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.
The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the stars
Did wander darkling in the eternal space,
Rayless, and pathless, and the icy earth
Swung blind and blackening in the moonless air;
Morn came and went and came, and brought no day,
And men forgot their passions in the dread
Of this their desolation; and all hearts
Were chill'd into a selfish prayer for light:
And they did live by watchfires and the thrones,
The palaces of crowned kings the huts,
The habitations of all things which dwell,
Were burnt for beacons; cities were consum'd,
And men were gather'd round their blazing homes
To look once more into each other's face;
Happy were those who dwelt within the eye
Of the volcanos, and their mountain-torch:
A fearful hope was all the world contain'd;
Forests were set on fire but hour by hour
They fell and faded and the crackling trunks
Extinguish'd with a crash and all was black.
The brows of men by the despairing light
Wore an unearthly aspect, as by fits
The flashes fell upon them; some lay down
And hid their eyes and wept; and some did rest
Their chins upon their clenched hands, and smil'd;
And others hurried to and fro, and fed
Their funeral piles with fuel, and look'd up
With mad disquietude on the dull sky,
The pall of a past world; and then again
With curses cast them down upon the dust,
And gnash'd their teeth and howl'd: the wild birds shriek'd
And, terrified, did flutter on the ground,
And flap their useless wings; the wildest brutes
Came tame and tremulous; and vipers crawl'd
And twin'd themselves among the multitude,
Hissing, but stingless they were slain for food.
And War, which for a moment was no more,
Did glut himself again: a meal was bought
With blood, and each sate sullenly apart
Gorging himself in gloom: no love was left;
All earth was but one thought and that was death
Immediate and inglorious; and the pang
Of famine fed upon all entrails men
Died, and their bones were tombless as their flesh;
The meagre by the meagre were devour'd,
Even dogs assail'd their masters, all save one,
And he was faithful to a corse, and kept
The birds and beasts and famish'd men at bay,
Till hunger clung them, or the dropping dead
Lur'd their lank jaws; himself sought out no food,
But with a piteous and perpetual moan,
And a quick desolate cry, licking the hand
Which answer'd not with a caress he died.
The crowd was famish'd by degrees; but two
Of an enormous city did survive,
And they were enemies: they met beside
The dying embers of an altar-place
Where had been heap'd a mass of holy things
For an unholy usage; they rak'd up,
And shivering scrap'd with their cold skeleton hands
The feeble ashes, and their feeble breath
Blew for a little life, and made a flame
Which was a mockery; then they lifted up
Their eyes as it grew lighter, and beheld
Each other's aspects saw, and shriek'd, and died
Even of their mutual hideousness they died,
Unknowing who he was upon whose brow
Famine had written Fiend. The world was void,
The populous and the powerful was a lump,
Seasonless, herbless, treeless, manless, lifeless
A lump of death a chaos of hard clay.
The rivers, lakes and ocean all stood still,
And nothing stirr'd within their silent depths;
Ships sailorless lay rotting on the sea,
And their masts fell down piecemeal: as they dropp'd
They slept on the abyss without a surge
The waves were dead; the tides were in their grave,
The moon, their mistress, had expir'd before;
The winds were wither'd in the stagnant air,
And the clouds perish'd; Darkness had no need
Of aid from them She was the Universe.
I love you like you say you love me times a million more, and just so you know I love you MORE square root that by infinity.
I love you like an angel loves the heavens.
I love you like all the rain drops that fall in a summer thunder storm.
I love you like there are words in books.
I love you like there are stars in the sky.
I love you like I love food.
I love you like French Fries.
I love you like the sun loves the moon.
I love you like women love diamonds.
I love you like any word can say.
I love you like the distance between us.
I love you like the Lemon Meringue Pie which my mother bakes, that reminds me of the sweet memory of my childhood.
I love you like every action I take.
I love you like Romeo loves Juliet.
i love you like quotes
I love you like Mickey loves Minnie.
I love you like my iPhone, and I wish I can hold you in my hands, every minute of the day.
I love you like iphone and ipad combined, which I cannot live without.
I love you like the sun, the ocean and the mountains.
I love you like the butterflies in the gardens, the rainbow over the blue sky, and the greeneries in the meadow.
I love you like distance everybody loves raymond
I love you like “Harry Potter,” and that should have been impossible.
I love you like the unforgettable first kiss.
I love you like the thrills I get from roller coaster ride, skiing down an icy slope, and bungee jumping.
I love you like the Godiva chocolate, my favourite.
I love you like you’ll ever know.
I love you like you can possibly imagine.
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the constantly grown technology can discover.
I love you more today than I did yesterday, but not as much as tomorrow and many days to come.
I love you like I love beer.
I love you like I love penguins, my favourite animal since the third grade.
I love you like my dog, and that should have said enough.
I love you like guys love football.
I love you like when I get a seat on the crowded train so that I can play game on my smartphone with both hands.
I love you like trees love water.
I love you like my cat, and no one has replaced her so far.
I love you like cheesecake, carrot cake and chocolate cake.
I love you like apple pie, lemon meringue pie and chocolate mud pie.
I love you like burritos, tacos, and nachos.
I love you like the Cookie Monster loves cookies.
I love you like fish need water!
I love you like my next breath
I love you like anything you could ever say or imagine and every breath I take is for you
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the forever growing universe can discover.
I love you like cookies, and believe me I love cookies!
I love you like I did yesterday, but i not as much as tomorrow but always forever.
I love you like a sea of flowers. than a garden of of smiles and a world of hugs.
i love you because you are awesome
I love you like a little girl dreams of love.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
I love you more then I love Netflix! And that’s a lot.
I love you like my Xbox.
I love you like there are grans of sand in every beach, of every planet, of every galaxy in the universe.
I love you more then all the answers on the Internet!
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
I love you like a bee loves honey.
I love you like fish loves water.
I love you like old ladies love blue dye.
I love you like an Italian loves pasta.
I love you like Obama loves blaming republicans.
I love you like Santa loves cookies and milk.
I love you like a cat loves chasing its tail.
I love you like a hooker loves a street corner.
I love you like a pervert loves porn.
I love you like a nerd loves his glasses.
I love you like a surfer loves his board.
I love you like lice loves an elementary school.
I love you like Cinderella loved Prince Charming.
i love you more than image
I love you like the sun loves redheads.
I love you like a skinny person loves salad.
I love you like a smoker loves a cigarette.
I love you like a dog loves biting a piece of bone.
I love you like a cop loves thieves.
I love you like a movie geek loves his/hers popcorn
I love you like a child loves a teddy-bear.
I love you like a nerd loves homework.
I love you like a teacher loves their kids.
I love you like any person loves sleeping
I love you like a grandma loves her grandchildren.
I love you like the sand loves the sea.
I love you like a shoe loves a sock.
I love you like a mouse loves cheese.
I love you like a cat loves a mouse.
I love you like brangelina loves adopting kIds.
I love you like jessie loves woody.
I love you like a hammer loves a nail.
I love you like a flower loves the rain.
I love you like Winnie the Pooh loves honey.
I love you like clients love winging.
I love you like philosophy loves being obscure.
I love you like a dentist loves crooked teeth.
I love you like advertisements love annoying us.
I love you like an emo kid loves girl pants.
I love you like a duck loves water.
I love you like bulimics love toilets.
I love you like zombies love brains.
I love you like a child loves a teddy bear.
I love you like a tornado loves a mobile home park.
I love you like batman loves his cave.
I love you like a watch loves to tick.
I love you like a midget loves his platform shoes.
i love you like quotes
I love you like a letter loves an envelope.
I love you like a sailor loves swearing.
I love you like the cold loves a sneeze.
I love you like Peter Pan loves Neverland.
I love you like an emo boy loves tight pants.
I love you like Charlie loves Wonka bars.
I love you like a toothbrush loves toothpaste.
I love you like time loves a paradox.
I love you like a woman loves fixing up a bachelor with one of her single friends.
I love you like an incontinent person loves a toilet.
I love you like the plague loves rats.
I love you like the British love their tea.
I love you like the Raven loves the word nevermore.
I love you like a redneck loves his truck.
I love you like schoolgirls love gossip.
I love you like the godfather loves his accent.
I love you like Freud loves his mother.
I love you like a junkie loves weed.
I love you like children love McDonalds.
I love you like older people love tapioca.
I love you like a badge loves a policeman.
I love you like a nerd loves his dictionary.
I love you like a hippie loves his long hair.
I love you like a lawyer loves money.
I love you like an old man loves his hairy ears.
I love you like a woman loves chocolate.
i love you like phrases
I love you like a blonde loves her hair-dye.
I love you like crap loves a sewer.
I love you like a punk loves his hair gel.
I love you like an emo loves black.
I love you like an alcoholic loves beer.
I love you like a drug addict loves heroine.
I love you like a pitcher of water at a chili pepper eating contest.
I love you like a fat girl loves hohos.
I love you like the Imperial March loves Darth Vader.
I love you like a crack head loves crack.
I love you like a fly loves crap.
I love you like a possum loves trash.
I love you like the government loves taxing its citizens.
I love you like Russel Crowe loves throwing phones at people.
I love you like a child loves candy.
